AS.362.220.01
America, Post-Civil Rights
Nathan Connolly
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.

AS.362.325.01
The Role of "Place" in Racial Ethnic Health Disparities
Caryn Bell
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
Students found this class to be engaging; Professor Bell encouraged students to discuss each concept
and how they related to the individual student. Students appreciated the small class size that facilitated
better and more thorough discussions. The topics covered were not only relevant to medicine and
public health, but also shed light on issues that these disciplines tend to overlook. The biggest
complaint about this class was that it covered too much information and it felt rushed to cover all the
material. Prior to taking this class, be advised the professor is a strict grader and assigns a lot of
homework.

AS.362.440.01
Oppression and Revolt
Floyd Hayes
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
Students found this class to be challenging and rewarding. This discussion based class had engaging
readings and lectures. Students praised the professor's frequent and thought provoking commentary,
as well as his incorporation of current events into discussions of the assigned materials. The chief
complaints were that the class was not smaller, and that the professor had the tendency to go on
tangents that prevented more thorough analysis of the texts. Future students should understand they
will be challenged intellectually and academically in this class.

AS.070.113.01
Freshman Seminar
Niloofar Haeri
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that the professor was approachable, helpful and knowledgeable.
Students appreciated the wide range of topics introduced, as well as the fruitful discussions that
developed around them. Students felt that they would have benefited from a clear and concise syllabus
as it was unclear at times which assignments were due when. Suggestions for improvement included
making this class two days a week for an hour, instead of once a week, and providing more prompt and
detailed feedback on assignments. Prospective students should know that this class requires students
do the readings and participate in discussion.

AS.070.154.01
Maps and Mapping
Deborah Poole
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the readings and the freedom to pursue subjects of interest for paper
topics. Students appreciated the balance of theoretical and empirical readings, as well as the
professor's knowledge and enthusiasm about the subject. Some students felt that although the reading
was interesting, it became repetitive at times. Suggestions for improvement included taking the class
outside, making the course a twice a week class, and providing more prompt feedback on assignments.
Prospective students should know that they do not need to be an anthropology major to succeed in and
benefit from this class.

AS.070.273.01
Ethnographies: Everyday Religion and Ethics
Naveeda Khan
Overall quality of the class: 4.84
Summary:
Students praised Professor Khan's ability to run a unique and intellectually stimulating class. Many
students agreed that the professor carefully constructed the course syllabus, and effectively facilitated
engaging class discussions. Some students felt that the reading load was so heavy it diminished the
ability to go in-depth on some topics. A general consensus was that this class could be improved by
having class participation count toward the final grade. Prospective students should avoid taking this
class if they have a heavy work load, because it is extremely demanding.

AS.070.275.01
Clara Han, Carolyn Sufrin
Reproduction, Kinship, and the State
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that the professors were passionate and knowledgeable about the
topic. Students found that the material was enjoyable, and that the Monday recap discussions helped
to connect the ideas covered throughout the course. Some students felt that the readings were dense,
and the group-work was unfair. Suggestions for improvement included providing more clear
expectations from the professors, and limiting enrollment to only anthropology majors. Prospective
students should be comfortable with group-work, because both the mid-term and final paper are done
as a group.

AS.070.277.01
Contested Indigeneity
Emma Cervone
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Professor Cervone created a challenging, well-organized class and a welcome environment for students
that needed help. Students appreciated the use of film to complement the readings, and the fruitful
discussions that arose from them. Some students felt that grading was confusing, and that the prompts
for the paper topics should have been given farther in advance. Suggestions for improvement included
having more discussion and clarity with the grading rubric. Prospective students should be interested
and have some background in anthropology, or the class will be confusing.

AS.070.279.01
Anand Pandian
Ecological Anthropolgy
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
Professor Panadian's passion for this subject shone through with a meticulously organized class, and
thought provoking discussions throughout the semester. Students appreciated the field trips that
helped to deepen and reinforce concepts discussed in class. Some students felt that the lengthy
readings were not given far enough in advance. Suggestions for improvement included mid-term course
feedback on grades and all assignments posted on the syllabus. Prospective students should know that
they do not have to be anthropology majors to benefit from this class.

AS.070.331.07
Niloofar Haeri
Anthropology of Poetry and Prayer
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
Professor Haeri's enjoyment of teaching undergrads about her research topic showed through during
this course. Students praised her knowledge, teaching style, as well as her ability to facilitate
intellectually stimulating discussions. The chief complaint was that some readings could be tough to get
through. Students felt that this class could have benefited from having more structure, especially with
regard to the schedule of assignments, and meeting twice a week. Prospective students should be
prepared for a lot of reading and in-class participation.

AS.070.419.01
Juan Obarrio
Logic of Anthropological Inquiry
Overall quality of the class: 3.15
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was that it had no exams and a manageable workload, including readings
that built upon each other. Students appreciated the professor's lectures as well as the interesting
conversations he fostered. Many students felt that value was lost in this class due to a lengthy grading
process, and papers were returned without feedback. Students felt the best way to improve this class
was to have papers returned in a timely manner with sufficient feedback. Prospective students should
know that this is a reading intensive class.

EN.550.111.01-06
Statistical Analysis I
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the enthusiastic, passionate professor who explained concepts well
and the resources available to study for and use during exams. The workload was manageable and
exams were straightforward and reasonable. Many students felt that the TA led sections were not
helpful and that lectures were confusing and boring at times. Suggestions for improvement included
having organized sections that reflected lecture objectives, shorter but more frequent homework,
standard grading across sections, lecture notes available online, and more availability for help outside of
class. Prospective students of any discipline will find that this course is a good introduction to statistics.
Students should attend lectures, practice outside of class, and use the textbook in order to do well.

EN.550.112.02-05
Statistical Analysis II
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the engaging professor who clearly identified important information
during lectures. Help was readily available and the course was well taught and organized. Students felt
that homework assignments were long and grading was harsh with unclear expectations. The instructor
went over some material too quickly and students felt that there was not enough time to finish exams.
Suggestions for improvement included allowing calculators and formula sheets during exams and having
less time dedicated to R programming. Students also suggested using section time to review homework
and practice more problem sets. Prospective students should also start assignments early and be open
to collaboration with other students to better understand concepts.

EN.550.171.01-04
Discrete Mathematics
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the engaging instructor who presented material in straightforward,
organized lectures. Students felt that assignments were long and challenging and found the textbook to
be confusing. Exam questions were more challenging than homework assignments and students found
it difficult to complete exams within the time allotted. Suggestions for improvement included using TA
run sections for going over problem sets and having more exam review sessions. Students also
suggested that a larger grading curve be applied at the end of the semester. Prospective students
should be prepared to dedicate time outside of class to understanding concepts, and to start
assignments early. Class attendance and participation is important and beneficial.

EN.550.211.01-05
Probability and Statistics for the Life Sciences
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the professor's enthusiastic and engaging personality. Many
students appreciated the abundant study resources that the professor provided. However, some found
these resources to be confusing as they reported discrepancies in content and format between class
lectures, homework assignments, and exam questions. Students were also confused at times by what
seemed to be random grading methods on assignments, and disappointed by the lack of feedback.
Prospective students can expect a heavy homework load with lots of independent textbook learning,
and may fare better with some background in statistics, as this course moves quickly through statistical
concepts. This course also provides an introduction to R programming language.

EN.550.291.01-02
Lin Alg & Diff Equations
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor's clear and effective lectures, as well as her
helpful use of examples in class. Many students, however, reported that lectures merely skimmed the
surface of these topics, while homework problems were much more in-depth. Further, some students
were caught off-guard by the required use of MATLAB in the course despite having no formal instruction
in the program. Suggestions for improvement included making class notes accessible online, providing
some tutorials on using MATLAB, and including more difficult material in lectures. Prospective students
should be prepared to attend lecture, to stay on top of assignments in this fast-moving class, and to
familiarize themselves with MATLAB independently before the semester begins.

EN.550.310.01-03
Probability & Statistics for the Physical and Information Sciences & Engineering
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the professor's enthusiasm, his thorough and well organized
lectures, the comprehensive class notes that are regularly posted to Blackboard, and the ample
availability for help outside of class. Students reported that lectures and homework are proof-heavy,
and many would have preferred more application-based work. The grading system emphasized exams,
and did not include a curve. Many students suggested that more feedback on the long and difficult
homework assignments would have been beneficial. Prospective students should have a strong
background in calculus through Calc II, and should be prepared to stay on top of a demanding work load.

EN.550.311.01-02
Probability and Statistics for the Biological Sciences and Engineering
Nam Lee
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor's personal investment in his students and desire
to ensure their success in the class. While students often found lectures lacking organization and clarity,
they did appreciate the professor's responsiveness to feedback on teaching methods, as well as his
willingness to make himself available for extra help, and the ample supplementary study materials that
he provided. Students reported that they would have preferred to spend more time and focus on key
concepts, and to review practice problems more thoroughly. Prospective students should have a strong
calculus background, and expect a moderate-to-heavy workload as well as a fair grading system.

EN.550.362.01-02
Introduction to Optimization II
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor's engaging, clear, and thorough lectures coupled
with his enthusiasm for the subject matter and eagerness to help students learn. Students emphasized
the importance of attending class and taking careful and copious notes, but lament the fact that tests
seemed to emphasize strictly memorizing notes and proofs rather than applying learned concepts.
Further, many students claimed that proofs are central to the coursework, and that they would have
preferred a more application-based approach. Prospective students should be prepared to attend
lectures and to spend some time learning MATLAB independently.

EN.550.371.01-02
Cryptology and Coding
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging, thorough, and well organized lectures on
interesting subject matter, taught by a dynamic professor. Some students suggested that the title of the
course is a bit of a misnomer, as the coursework focuses more heavily on the number theory that serves
as the basis for cryptology and coding. So while they enjoyed the course, some students would have
preferred more application and actual coding than the theory and proof-heavy coursework included.
Prospective students should be prepared to attend lectures and take comprehensive notes, as
memorization of lecture material is essential for success on exams. Further, some students pointed out
that having a background in MATLAB would prove helpful.

EN.550.383.01
Python for Scientific Computing
Cristian Lalescu
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
Summary:
Students who took this class found the course material to be highly useful for their course of study and
applicable to a range of practical scenarios. Many students, however, found that the professor and the
curriculum presumed familiarity with programming, coding, and math skills that are not listed among
the prerequisites. Students were unclear as to their expectations from week to week, and suggested
that a more structured syllabus and presentation of material would have been helpful. Prospective
students should have working familiarity with calculus and linear algebra, as well as some prior
experience programming and working with code, and be prepared to do some self-learning if material is
unfamiliar.

EN.550.386.01
Scientific Computing: Differential Equations
Kathryn Hedrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting topics covered, the small class size, and the
professor herself. Students appreciated learning the theoretical background behind many of the
applications and solvers frequently used in MATLAB. Some students liked the fact that homework
weighed heavily into their grade, but claimed that the assignments were long and demanding. Most
students seemed to agree that the exams were very difficult. Further, most students emphasized the
need to be familiar with MATLAB going into the class, as many homework assignments involved coding
and there is not much formal instruction provided.

EN.550.415.01
Practical Scientific Analysis of Big Data
Tamas Budavari
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
Students enjoyed the project-based nature of the course, the opportunities to learn about
programming, and the interesting, useful material addressed in the course. Some students felt that the
professor's lecture style was not effective and did not feel that concepts were conveyed or explained
well. Suggestions for improvement included having weekly assignments to practice concepts. Students
also suggested reducing the number of topics covered in favor of a few topics explored more deeply.
Prospective students should be familiar with programing in C/C++ and have a basic knowledge of coding.

EN.550.420.01-03
Intro to Probability
John Wierman
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting course material covered and opportunities to earn
extra credit. Students felt that the professor was not very helpful and found it difficult to study without
answers for any homework or practice exam questions. Lectures were hard to follow and students felt
that they were ineffective. Suggestions for improvement included having the professor lecture using the
chalk board and not PowerPoint. Students also suggested giving answers to old exams and having
better structured TA sections. Prospective students are encouraged to do all extra credit assignments,
to allocate time outside of class to learn concepts, and to study the textbook. Prospective students
should be familiar with calculus and basic probability.

EN.550.426.01-02
Introduction to Stochastic Processes
John Wierman
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the availability of lecture notes before class and the interesting and
relevant course material. Students found lectures to be hard to follow and boring at times. Grading by
the TAs was harsh and inconsistent. Suggestions for improvement included having clearly outlined
expectations of important information to know and a common, clear grading scale across all sections.
Students also suggested working out more problems on the chalk board in lecture and providing
solutions to practice problems. Prospective students should be comfortable with introductory
probability and allocate time outside of class to committing distributions to memory.

EN.550.428.01
Stochastic Processes and Applications to Finance II
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
This class had 5 or fewer comments.

EN.550.430.01-03
Introduction to Statistics
Elie Younces
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting course material and helpful TA's. Students felt that
the professor's teaching style was difficult to follow and that lectures were disorganized. Exams and
homework were difficult for many students and assignments were time consuming. Suggestions for
improvement included having more straightforward exams, a more clearly organized syllabus, practice
exams, and less emphasis on theory in favor of more application and practice problems. Prospective
students should have a firm background in calculus and probability. Prospective students will find the
textbook very helpful and should allocate time to study and collaborate with classmates outside of class.

EN.550.431.01
Statistical Methods in Imaging
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.

EN.550.439.01-02
Time Series Analysis
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the manageable workload and good introduction to subject matter
that was interesting and challenging. Some students found the assignments to be difficult and learning
objectives hard to follow due to multiple cancelled classes. Suggestions for improvement included
having more organized lectures and pacing the course better. Students also suggested providing more
guidance with homework and practice problems. Prospective students should have a background in
probability and statistics. Prospective students should also attend lecture and do assigned readings in
preparation for class.

EN.550.445.01-02
Interest Rate and Credit Derivatives
Davis Audley
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
Students appreciated the clear details that the professor gave about what to expect on exams, and the
review sessions before tests. Further, students found that the material was interesting and useful in a
number of areas outside of class. Students felt that the TA was not helpful and did not understand the
course subject matter. Many students also felt that the lectures were boring and that the professor
read directly from PowerPoint slides. Suggestions for improvement included having more interactive
lectures and more opportunities to apply theories learned. Prospective students should be prepared for
a significant work load and be familiar with finance.
