JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY
Homewood Course Guide
Summaries of Student Course Evaluations for Spring 2014
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Africana Studies 5
Anthropology 7
Applied Mathematics and Statistics 11
Art 21
Behavioral Biology 26
Biology 27
Biomedical Engineering 34
Biophysics 44
Center for Language Education: Arabic 48
Center for Language Education: Chinese 50
Center for Language Education: Hebrew 53
Center for Language Education: Hindi 54
Center for Language Education: Japanese 55
Center for Language Education: Korean 57
Center for Language Education: Russian 59
Center for Leadership Education 61
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering 63
Chemistry 70
Civil Engineering 77
Classics 80
Cognitive Science 83
Computer Science 86
Earth and Planetary Science 98
East Asian 102
2
Economics 104
Electrical and Computer Engineering 110
Engineering Management 119
English 120
Entrepreneurship & Management 132
Film and Media Studies 141
General Engineering 146
Geography and Environmental Engineering 147
German and Romance Languages and Literatures 155
History 176
History of Art 183
History of Science and Technology 188
Humanities 191
Information Security Institute 192
Jewish Studies 195
Latin American Studies 196
Materials Science and Engineering 198
Mathematics 204
Mechanical Engineering 209
Military Science 220
Museum and Society Programs 222
Music 224
Nanobiotechnology 228
Near Eastern Studies 229
Neuroscience 231
Philosophy 236
3
Physics and Astronomy 241
Political Science 247
Professional Communication 256
Psychological and Brain Sciences 262
Public Health Studies 270
Sociology 275
Theatre Arts and Studies 280
Women, Gender, and Sexuality Program 283
Writing Seminars 285
4
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
AFRICANA STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.362.175.01
Freshman Seminar- Remembering the Black Power Movement
Floyd Hayes
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Students found the instructor of this course extremely engaging and a great leader of class discussions.
The instructor was also found very knowledgeable and passionate about the course material. Some
students felt that the professor often spent too much time going off on tangents, resulting in a lack of
time left for reading discussions. The professor also became repetitive and did not effectively explain
instructions for assignments. Suggestions for improvement included: a smaller amount of students,
more focus, and more clarity on what is expected of students. Prospective students should be aware
that course readings are dense and there is a great amount of writing required. However, students
spoke highly of the experience the course offers.
AS.362.204.01
Women in African History
Patricia Romero
Overall quality of the class: 3.36
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting novels required for reading, the thought-
provoking discussion and movie choices. Many students were not fond of the class length, but did
appreciate it only meeting once a week. Many students also agreed that the professor's opinion was
evident throughout class discussions and feedback on progress was not given in a timely manner.
Suggestions for improvement included: more specificity on a certain part of African history and more
focus on class discussions, rather than lectures. Prospective students should be prepared for a great
amount of reading, class participation, and two lengthy essays.
AS.362.374.01
Black Cinema
5
AFRICANA STUDIES
Linda DeLibero, Hollis Robbins
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
Many students agreed that the lively class discussions and the films watched were the best aspects of
the course. Students enjoyed digging deeper into film analysis and class presentations as well. Students
found it difficult to find some of the films required online and felt the course lacked structure and
organization. Suggestions for improvement include: film availability on Blackboard, more structure, and
fewer quizzes. Prospective students should expect to have fun, two essays and quizzes daily, and feel
comfortable participating in class discussions.
6
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
ANTHROPOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.070.132.01
Invitation to Anthropology
Veena Das, Deborah Poole
Overall quality of the class: 3.13
Summary:
The variety of cultures and topics covered, along with the in-depth weekly discussions were the high
points of this course. Some students felt that the amount of reading assigned was on the heavy side, and
were surprised by the amount of writing. Giving more time to discussion, and providing a better
foundation for the nuts and bolts of anthropology were some suggestions for improving the course. Be
prepared for a good deal of reading and writing, but know that participation and attendance is a
significant part of the grade. The course provides an interesting overview of various aspects of
anthropology.
AS.070.262.01
Cuban Intellectuals, Cinema, and the State
Laura Humphreys
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
In this course the society, culture, and politics of Cuba were examined through the medium of film, with
a knowledgeable and passionate instructor as the guide. Despite the interesting subject matter, this
was a writing heavy course, with discussions and writing prompts that were not always clear. More
information up front regarding technical film terms, and more time for discussion would improve the
course. If you are interested in the study of film, politics, anthropology, or Cuba, you will get a great deal
out of this course.
AS.070.277.01
Indigenous Agency and Innovation
Emma Cervone
7
ANTHROPOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 3.46
Summary:
The information presented in this course is interesting, eye-opening, and relevant to modern life.
Students enjoyed the guest speakers, and thought the feedback given by the instructor was constructive
and helpful. Some students felt there was too much reading, and had the impression that the instructor
was not well organized. Better discussions and more focused readings would improve the course. While
the workload in terms of reading is heavy, the subject matter is of great importance in the field of
anthropology.
AS.070.290.01
Modern South Asia: Bangladesh/Pakistan
Naveeda Khan
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
This course covers fascinating and timely material, giving the background and historical/cultural context
of a region through an anthropological lens. The instructor is engaging and knowledgeable. However,
the size of this class made discussions difficult, and student presentations were often hard to follow.
Some students thought giving some clarity to expectations for writing assignments and creating smaller
sections would improve the course. This course covers a dynamic region through the disciplines of
political science, sociology, and anthropology and would be of interest to students in any of those
majors.
AS.070.294.01
Political Anthropology of Africa
Juan Obarrio
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The readings, discussions, and passion of the instructor for the subject were the best aspects of this
course. The information was extensive and provided a thorough introduction to the topic. Feedback on
work can take more time than many students liked, and left many not sure of their standing in the
course. More graded assignments and additional comparison to contemporary African politics could
improve the course. The grading is not always clear, but the topics covered give a better understanding
of this region, and would be of interest to those in various social science fields.
AS.070.317.01
Junior/Senior Seminar
Jane Guyer, Niloofar Haeri
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
This course offered students the opportunity for field work and anthropological observation in the city
of Baltimore. Many students found that they finished the course feeling much more engaged and
8
ANTHROPOLOGY
connected to Baltimore. The schedule of assignments and disorganization in observations was
frustrating for some students. A better assignment and observation timeline would improve the course.
This course entailed leaving the Hopkins campus and traveling to different parts of the city outside of
class time, but the payoff was a better understanding of anthropological field work and the city of
Baltimore.
AS.070.346.01
Cinema and Ethnography
Anand Pandian
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The material covered, the discussions, and the instructor made this course intellectually stimulating and
engaging. Weekly response posts to Blackboard were incorporated into the class discussion, and the
instructor would often ask the author to expand on what they had written, sparking additional
discussion and enthusiasm in the class. Some students felt that ideas presented were hard to grasp and
at times too abstract. Cinema in the course title did not equal easy. Splitting the class into two meetings
to lengthen discussion time and more concrete writing prompts would improve the course. If you are a
student who enjoys questioning, abstract ideas, and a structure promoting independent thought, you
will enjoy this course.
AS.070.347.01
Anthropology and Public Action
Jane Guyer
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
The lectures and course material was interesting and engaging, and the instructor's experience and
knowledge gave insight to the topics. Real-life examples were often incorporated into the discussions,
and anthropology was taken out of the class room and into the public sphere. Questions from students
often derailed lectures, and a few students thought the assignment instructions were not clear. More
clarity in terms of the syllabus, assignments, and lecture handouts would improve this course. The
course required a fair amount of writing, but the lectures and readings are relevant for a broad
audience.
AS.070.348.01
Anthropology of Mental Illness
Clara Han
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The subject matter was interesting and complex, the discussion sections clarified difficult readings, and
the course was intellectually challenging. The instructor was effective and knowledgeable. The heavy
reading load and short deadlines for long essays were the worst aspects of this course. Fewer readings
9
ANTHROPOLOGY
and more organized lectures would improve the course. While there is a good deal of reading and
writing in this course, the instructor is engaging and will challenge her students.
AS.070.352.01
Evolution, Ecology, Becoming
Aaron Goodfellow, Naveeda Khan
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The easy nature of discussions and feeling of students and instructors as peers were the best aspects of
this course. The dynamic between the instructors often overtook discussions and they seemed to be at
odds with each other, and many of the readings were dense and difficult to understand. Many students
thought that shortening the readings or having a single instructor would improve the course. Though
there are no pre-requisites, prospective students should have some knowledge of anthropology before
taking this course.
AS.070.414.01
Kinship at the Core
Aaron Goodfellow
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The material is interesting and intellectually stimulating, and the instructor is engaging and
knowledgeable. A few students thought some readings were dense, but enjoyed the class and found it
hard to find faults. Most students agreed that taking the course with the same instructor would be the
best improvement. Prospective students should look for the same instructor, and know that the focus of
the class is less on grades and more on learning and understanding the material.
10
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.550.111.01-06
Statistical Analysis I
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
The instructor for this course was excellent at presenting introductory statistics in a way that people
with a wide range of math skills could understand and retain, and he made himself available to the
students for help. The exams were straightforward and homework had a clear correlation to the
material on exams. The worst aspects of the course were the TAs, homework that got progressively
longer over the semester, and for many the class seemed too easy. Some suggestions for improving the
course included giving better examples during class, better TAs for the sections, and getting homework
back prior to exams for use as study material. Prospective students should know there are three exams
but the lowest grade can be dropped, you are allowed a note card for the exams, and the homework
takes a fair amount of time to complete.
EN.550.112.01-07
Statistical Analysis II
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 3.66
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the instructor, the TAs, and the relevant information presented.
Many students thought the instructor was an effective teacher, and her lectures were clear and well
organized. The TAs were available for help and made challenging concepts clearer. Some of the more
negative aspects of the course were the repetitive lectures, the lengthy homework, having to memorize
formulas rather than having a cheat sheet, and lectures often ran over time. Some suggestions for
improving the course included giving heavier weight to the homework, having more relevant practice in
section (rather than going over theory), and allowing a note card or equation sheet for exams. Students
interested in this course should know that the homework should be started early as it takes time to
complete, and the course is not as difficult as you may expect provided you keep up with the work.
11
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.171.01-04
Discrete Mathematics
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
This course features an effective instructor, subject matter that is interesting and intellectually
challenging, and the class is organized logically and efficiently. Many students made note of the logic
inherent in the syllabus, homework, and exam schedule, with lectures closely related to the book. The
worst aspects of the course were the time consuming homework, the proofs and definitions to
memorize, and the classroom location (Olin). There was an almost even split between students who
thought the class was too easy and those who thought the class was too hard. Some suggestions for
improvement included grading the class with a curve, getting rid of the in class bonus points, and
dividing the course between those familiar with the concepts (CS majors) and those not familiar, so the
knowledge base of the students would be more evenly distributed. Prospective students should know
the grades are not curved, there is a significant time commitment for homework, and the course is
heavy on proofs.
EN.550.211.01-05
Probability and Statistics for the Life Sciences
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 3.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the high energy instructor, helpful TAs, and the tools available for
student success. Homework was not overly cumbersome, the text is helpful, and the lectures were made
available online. The worst aspect of the course was the low attendance. The lectures were so closely
related to the books that many students did not find it necessary to attend class. Some students also
found the instructor's accent difficult to understand. Some suggestions for improvement include giving
better practice questions for exams, example problems in class, and making homework better aligned
with the exams. Prospective students should know that the book is a valuable tool, prior knowledge of
the programing language R is helpful but not necessary, and keeping up with the work is crucial.
EN.550.291.01-02
Linear Algebra & Differential Equations
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The highlights in this course included the effective instructor, the available TAs, and the combination of
two related areas of mathematics. Many students thought Dr. Castello's lectures were thorough, moved
at a good pace, and prepared students for the exams. Many students cited MATLAB as the worst aspect
of the course, while others thought the homework was too time consuming especially towards the end
of the semester. The suggestions for improving the course included providing MATLAB to the students
12
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
at low or no cost, giving more instruction in MATLAB, and giving a higher percentage weight to the
homework. Prospective students should have a background in Calculus III, and taking linear algebra and
differential equations together is much better than taking them separately. This course is well suited to
engineering majors.
EN.550.310.01-03
Probability & Statistics for the Physical and Information Sciences & Engineering
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the thorough notes available online, the overview of the topics, and
the moderate workload. Many students appreciated the correlation between the homework, lectures,
and exams. Some students took exception with the lack of a curve for the grade, and found the lectures
dry and uninspired. Suggested improvements included grading on a curve, providing homework
solutions, and more time for regression and probability. Prospective students should know the material
starts out easy but gets progressively more difficult. Attend lecture, read the notes, and study to stay on
top of the workload.
EN.550.311.01-03
Probability and Statistics for the Biological Sciences and Engineering
Daniel Sussman
Overall quality of the class: 3.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful and engaged instructor, the range of material
covered, and a reasonable workload. The real world applicability of the subject was also mentioned as a
positive aspect. The worst aspect was the disconnect between the material on the homework and what
was presented on the exams. Many students thought the exams covered material that was not covered
in class and felt ill prepared to do well. Suggestions for improving the course included changing the
textbook, providing more examples or solutions to practice problems prior to exams, and including more
review times. Prospective students should know that the course is challenging and requires independent
learning to do well, but the instructor is more than willing to help if you ask.
EN.550.362.01-02
Introduction to Optimization II
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
This course is highlighted by a passionate and engaging instructor who provided thorough notes and
gave the impression that he genuinely wanted students to succeed. The material presented was
interesting and had real world applicability. The worst aspect of the course was the heavy reliance on
memorization of proofs, leaving many students able to complete the work without really having an
understanding of the material. Some suggestions for improving the course were to make the exams less
13
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
reliant on proofs, and more practice questions with examples to prepare for exams. Prospective
students should know that the information from Optimization I is not used much, memorization of the
proofs is important, and this instructor is highly recommended.
EN.550.371.01-02
Cryptology and Coding
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The highest rated aspects of this course were the instructor and the material. Professor Fishkind is
engaged, knowledgeable, and made the information fun. The worst aspect of this course was using
MATLAB for some homework. Many students were not familiar with the program and found they
needed to teach themselves, adding time onto complicated problem sets. More instruction in MATLAB,
better lecture notes, and a longer semester were suggested improvements to the course. Prospective
students should know that having some familiarity with MATLAB is helpful. This course is fun,
interesting, and the course and the instructor are highly recommended.
EN.550.386.01
Scientific Computing: Differential Equations
Kathryn Hedrick
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the MATLAB instruction, the TAs availability and willingness to help,
and the comprehensive lectures and notes. Many students thought the information presented in class
would prove useful in their careers. The worst aspects of the course included the amount of theory
verses practical applications and the time needed to complete homework. Dedicating more class time to
programming and less to theory was a suggestion for improving the course. Prospective students should
know there is a good deal of homework but it counts for a significant percentage of your grade and will
help on exams. This course is recommended.
EN.550.420.01-04
Intro To Probability
John Wierman
Overall quality of the class: 3.61
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting subject matter, the fair grading policy, and the
challenging work. The joke of the month contest was also mentioned as a favorite with students. The
worst aspects of the course were the ineffectual lectures, the lack of solutions to practice questions, and
the heavy workload. Working through problems in class, providing solutions to practice questions, and a
more engaging lecture were suggested improvements to the course. Prospective students should have
some experience with upper level math, stay on top of the homework and studying, and take advantage
of all extra credit opportunities to increase their probability of a passing grade.
14
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.426.01-02
Introduction to Stochastic Processes
John Wierman
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The highlights of this course were the overview to stochastic processes, the wide applicability of the
topic, and the tools for success provided by the instructor. Lecture notes are provided prior to class and
the lowest exam score is dropped. The worst aspects of the course were the lengthy homework, the lack
of solutions or feedback on practice problems, and the teaching methods of the instructor. Some
suggestions for improving the course include working through problems on the board, providing
solutions to the practice problems, and focusing on more practical rather than theoretical problems.
Prospective students should know this is a challenging course which will require a good deal of work
outside of class between homework and studying.
EN.550.428.01
Stochastic Processes and Applications to Finance II
Agostino Capponi
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the high intellectual challenge, the engaging lectures, and the
applicability of the information in mathematical finance careers. Professor Capponi was approachable
and willing to answer students' questions. The worst aspect of this course was the disconnect between
the lecture material, the homework, and the exam. Students found it difficult to prepare for the exam
based on what was taught in class and through the homework. Suggestions for improving the course
included a longer class time, homework more closely aligned with the exam, and more practical
examples in class. Prospective students should know that this is a difficult and challenging course. A
solid knowledge of Stochastic I is essential.
EN.550.430.01-03
Introduction to Statistics
Daniel Naiman
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The highest rated aspects of this course were the knowledgeable and approachable instructor, the
resources to aid student success, and the interesting material. Additionally, students were pleased with
the knowledge and patience of the TAs. The worst aspects of the course were the clicker quizzes at the
start of every class, the lengthy and time consuming homework, and the inconsistent feedback.
Suggestions for improving the course included reducing the number of quizzes, giving more review
sessions, and exams more in line with the lectures. Prospective students should know that the course
material is challenging and homework will take several hours per week. Having prior knowledge of R is
helpful.
15
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.431.01
Statistical Methods in Imaging
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.439.01-02
Time Series Analysis
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the lecture style of the instructor, the amount of material covered,
and the pace of the course. The instructor worked though problems on the chalkboard, something many
students found helpful. The worst aspects of the course were the lack of regression analysis and coding,
and the numerous snow days. More practical problems and a more structured section were suggested
improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that to do well you will need a
background in proof-based mathematics. The course is challenging but rewarding and interesting.
EN.550.445.01-02
Interest Rate and Credit Derivatives
David Audley
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The highlights of this course were the introduction to the topic, the usefulness of the information, and
an engaging and approachable instructor. The worst aspects were the dry lectures and the difficult
homework. Giving more time and instruction on the second half of the class (spreadsheets) was the
most common suggestion for improvement. Prospective students should know the workload is
manageable, the pace of the course is rather fast, and in order to master specific parts of the course you
will need to study independently of the class.
EN.550.448.01-02
Financial Engineering and Structured Products
David Audley
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material covered, the intellectual challenge, and
the additional philosophical aspect of the lectures. Students thought the newness of the field was
exciting. The worst aspects of the course were the disorganization during review sections and the
difficulty of the exam. Many students found the textbook unhelpful. Giving more specific exercises and
16
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
examples in class and a better textbook were suggested improvements to the course. Prospective
students should know this is a very useful class if you intend on entering the financial field, and the
workload is moderate.
EN.550.453.01
Mathematical Game Theory
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the organized and concise lectures, the effective instructor, and the
interesting material. The lectures, homework, and exams were all in alignment. Some of the worst
aspects of the class included the textbook, the irregular due dates for homework, and the TA sections.
Some suggestions for improvement included a better textbook, more opportunities for graded work
other than exams, and better TAs. Prospective students should have some familiarity with linear
algebra. The course is relatively challenging but without the proper attention it could become overly
difficult.
EN.550.472.01
Graph Theory
Amitabh Basu
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
This class featured clear and well-organized lectures, an engaged and enthusiastic instructor, and
considerable intellectual challenge. Many students thought this class pushed them harder academically
than most other classes they have had. The combination of undergrad and graduate students left many
undergrads struggling to keep up with the higher expectations. Some suggestions for improving the
course included a more available TA, more time for homework, and separate assignments for the 400
level students and 600 level students. Prospective students should know this is an intellectually
challenging course with a consistently heavy workload.
EN.550.492.01
Mathematical Biology
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.621.01
Probability Theory II
James Fill
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
17
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Summary:
The best features of the class were the material covered, the enthusiastic and knowledgeable instructor,
and the intellectual rigor. The homework was graded closely forcing students to improve their proofs.
The lectures and notes were confusing and faced paced at times. Additionally, there was a great deal of
material to cover in a short time, so class often felt rushed. Better organization of notes and breaking
the course into three, rather than two classes were suggestions for improvement. Prospective students
should take this class right after taking Probability Theory I. The workload is low but students will need
to stay on top of studying independently to do well.
EN.550.623.01
Modern Applications of Probability and Statistics
Lo-bin Chang
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The broad range of topics and the instructor were the best aspects of this course. The course material
was diverse and the homework forced students to dig deeper and learn new things. The instructor was
always willing to help, and he went above and beyond to meet with students outside of class. Students
would have liked a TA and more real world examples. Also, notes and homework assignments were
confusing at times. Suggestions for improvement included better notes, a TA, and homework solutions.
Prospective students should know that this class does not entail any exams, but they must have a solid
understanding of R and Matlab.
EN.550.631.01
Statistical Theory II
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.653.01
Commodities and Commodity Markets
Helyette Geman, Gary Schultz
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The highlights from this course were the practical real world knowledge, insightful instructors, and
trading strategies. The class transitioned from lecture to discussion over the semester giving students
the chance to pick the instructors brains. However, many thought the three hour class period twice a
week was far too much, and there were complaints regarding feedback on graded material. Suggested
improvements to the class include having shorter class periods, better feedback on graded assignments,
and more real life examples in the first half of the semester. Prospective students should know that the
amount of time spent in class can be challenging, and having a background in programming and financial
math is essential.
18
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.662.01
Optimization Algorithms
Daniel Robinson
Overall quality of the class: 4.41
Summary:
The instructor's detailed notes, clear lectures, and methods of introducing complicated concepts were
given near unanimous thumbs up by the students. Many students commented that Dr. Robinson's
approach to teaching difficult concepts was systematic and intuitive. However, some students thought
class moved too quickly, and would have liked more practical applications for the algorithms. Some
suggestions for improving the course included adding a discussion section where example
implementations are carried out, more coding homework, and having take-home exams. Prospective
students should have some background in optimization, linear algebra, and be familiar with MATLAB
prior to starting this course.
EN.550.663.01
Stochastic Search & Optimization
James Spall
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.672.01
Graph Theory
Amitabh Basu
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.690.01
Neural Networks and Feedback Control Systems
James Spall
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.696.01
Geophysical and Astrophysical Turbulence Theory
Gregory Eyink
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
19
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.735.01
Topics in Statistical Pattern Recognition
Carey Priebe
Overall quality of the class: 4.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material, the thought-provoking and flexible
lectures, and an insightful and enthusiastic instructor. The class was led as a discussion, and students
guided the direction of the class. While many students found this invigorating, some thought it
detracted from the class and made lectures seem haphazard. Suggestions for improving the course
included a more systematic structure to the semester and better feedback on projects. Prospective
students should come into the course with an open mind and a genuine interest in the subject. This
course and instructor are highly recommended.
EN.550.771.01
Probabilistic Method
Vincent Lyzinski
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.790.01
Topics In Applied Math
James Fill
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
20
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
ART DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.371.131.01
Studio Drawing I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
Summary:
Many students agreed that after taking this course, their drawing abilities increased tremendously and
they learned so much because each week there was a new topic. The professor was organized and his
feedback was very helpful. The course was difficult to enroll into and is four hours long, but those seem
to be the only cons about the course. Suggestions for improvement include: more class periods to
decrease length of class and more variety of what students draw. Prospective students should be
patient and be willing to have fun and learn.
AS.371.133.01
Painting Workshop I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
This course allowed students of different artistic calibers to achieve based on their skill set. The course
also pushes students to do their best and is a wonderful option for winding down a hectic schedule. The
professor is an excellent teacher who encourages his students and offers constructive feedback.
Supplies required for this course tend to be expensive and if the student is a slow painter, they might
have to put in more hours of work. Students suggested a larger workspace, increasing course to a 3
credits, and more collaboration between peers to improve this course. Prospective students should have
ample amount of time on their hands because of the long hours of work, and be willing to get dirty.
AS.371.133.02
Painting Workshop I
Barbara Gruber
21
ART
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.371.139.01
Still Life/Interior/Landscape
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 4.92
Summary:
Many students agreed that the professor of this course was excellent and energetic. They also enjoyed
improving their techniques as well as the close interaction with the professor. Another great aspect
about the course was examining and critiquing other work because it challenged students. The worst
aspects of this course were the expensive supplies and lengthy class periods. Also some of the technical
aspects of drawing were not expanded upon enough for many students. Suggestions for improvement
include: more time to explore different mediums, and more focus on teaching and demonstrating
techniques. Prospective students would find it helpful to have previous experience.
AS.371.140.01
Cartooning
Thomas Chalkley
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Many students loved the flexibility and freedom that this course offered. Students did not feel pressured
to be the best artist and they enjoyed drawing tutorials from the professor. Students felt that the
professor was funny and engaging, but the class period runs long. There was also wasn't much focus on
animation. Many students suggested a Photoshop introduction, more specific assignments, and more
focus on animation to improve this course. All artist levels can enroll, but it would be helpful for
prospective students to have previous experience.
AS.371.151.01
Photoshop/Dig Darkroom
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
Many students agreed that this course offered tons of hands-on work with photography and editing
with Photoshop. The course is a relaxed environment with freedom and goes beyond the technicalities
of Photoshop. However, lectures were often times dull and professor lacked organization and structure.
Many students felt as though a field trip, clearer instructions, and more in-class work would improve the
quality of this course. Prospective students should expect a fun class, outside experimentation on their
own, and the opportunity to create a portfolio.
AS.371.152.01
22
ART
Introduction to Digital Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course are the fun projects, field trips, and encouragement from the professor.
Many students enjoyed learning how to use a DSLR camera and how to take better photos, but found
lectures to be dull and did not receive much feedback of progress and grades. Students would prefer a
clearer syllabus, more instructions on computer setup, and more interesting lectures to improve the
quality of this course. Prospective students should prepare for a fun class and the expectation of doing
more work outside of class.
AS.371.154.01
Introduction to Watercolor
Caroline Ober
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Many students loved the professor for this course and enjoyed the freedom and the way the course was
taught. The small classroom size was seen as an effective aspect of the course and students were given a
great amount of feedback from both the professor and their peers. Students did not enjoy the three
hour time slot, the amount of homework given, and the disconnection between the course credits and
amount of work required. Students also said that the kit was expensive. Suggestions for improvement
include: making course 3 credits, shorter class times, and more options for homework assignments.
Prospective students should be prepared for the fantastic professor and a challenge if they have little art
experience.
AS.371.155.01
Introduction to Sculpture
Larcia Premo
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the hand-on experiences with sculpting and the professor's
openness to questions. There is a great amount of freedom offered to students and they will be given
the chance to shine through different mediums. The professor encourages her students to go where
their vision takes them, but sometimes there is a little too much freedom available. Many students also
felt that some of the materials were difficult to work with and heavy. Students would prefer a variety of
projects, stricter deadlines, and more classroom space to improve the quality of this course. Prospective
students should be comfortable taking this class even if they do not have experience in sculpture and
working with tough materials.
AS.371.162.01-02
Black & White: Digital Darkroom
Phyllis Berger
23
ART
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Many students loved the three field trips offered in this course the most. They also enjoyed having the
camera all semester and the freedom granted to them. However, much of class time went to waste
while the professor is in discussion with other students. Print costs, feeling rushed, and little class
assignments were the worst aspects of this course. Suggestions for improvement include: cheaper
printing costs, better efficiency in the classroom, and clearer deadlines. Prospective students should be
prepared to commit their time to photographing outside of class and learn.
AS.371.165.01
Location Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was travelling to varying locations to take photos. Students were able to
look at objects in a different way, as well as improve their photography skills. Many students felt like the
professor was an expert and showed his students how to take photos and edit them like an expert.
However, there was a lack of feedback offered to students and unclear instructions. Suggestions for
improvement include: more organization, more assistance, more time spent on Photoshop. Prospective
students should expect a fun class that requires a lot of work, and the field trips are not always
scheduled during class time.
AS.371.172.01
DIY Art: You Are the Medium
Cathy Goucher
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Many students described this course as amazing and different. Students felt that the class environment
was not judgmental, but instead was freeing. This course allows students to think outside of the box and
is good for students with little art experience. However, if improving upon techniques and skills is a goal
for the student, this course may not be the best choice. Many students also said the course lacked
structure. Suggestions for improvement include: field trips, more reading and theory, more structure,
and use of Blackboard discussion forums. Prospective students should not expect much work, but a fun
time.
AS.371.303.01-02
Documentary Photography
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
24
ART
The best aspects of this course were the hands-on environment, field trips, and variety of photography
styles learned. Many students disliked the high cost of printing photos, the amount of outside of the
classroom work, and the lack of practice with editing photos. In order to improve this course, students
suggested more emphasis on photojournalism, Blackboard organization and more in depth lessons on
editing software. Prospective students should expect to take a great amount of photos and an
opportunity to embrace creativity.
25
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
BEHAVIORAL BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.290.420.01
Human Sexual Orientation
Ann Jarema, Chris Kraft
Overall quality of the class: 4.72
Summary:
The interesting and informative material in this course was brought together with case studies and guest
speakers, and rounded out by an engaging and well informed instructor. Many students thought there
were too many papers, and that the workload was unevenly spaced out over the semester. Some
suggestions for improving the course included a better spacing of work and more guest speakers.
Prospective students should know that the lectures are interesting and will challenge your ideas about
human sexuality.
AS.290.490.01
Senior Seminar: Behavioral Biology
Peter Holland
Overall quality of the class: 4.85
Summary:
This course was highlighted by stimulating discussions in a small class with a knowledgeable instructor.
Students were able to explore ideas not previously considered, and felt like they left each session
knowing more than they had before. Some students thought discussions went off topic at times. Shorter
readings, though not fewer, would be an improvement. This course gives prospective students an
opportunity to debate behavioral biology research with other seniors, and synthesize the work they
have been doing as undergraduates.
26
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.020.104.01
Freshmen Seminar: From Genes to DNA and Back
E Moudrianakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the thought-provoking discussions. Many students liked the way the
professor led discussions because it made them think about biology in a different way. Students also
said that the readings for this course were dense and class period heavily relied on participation. In
addition, a great amount of the course material was abstract and difficult to understand. Suggestions for
improvement include: interactive presentations, a variety of readings, and a smaller class size.
Prospective students should know that the course readings are long and class time is discussion based.
AS.020.113.01
Freshmen Seminar: Microbes in the Media
Thomas Cebula
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is the professor's vast knowledge of the subject matter. Students also
enjoyed the small, intimate class size for discussion. The professor made learning interesting and
exciting by telling anecdotes. The worst aspect of this course was the lack of feedback regarding grades.
Many students also agreed that the course is long and requires more work than a 1.5 credit class should.
Students suggest a shorter class period and guest speakers to improve the quality of this course.
Prospective students should be comfortable with presentations and be prepared for a lengthy paper.
AS.020.123.01
Genetics, Genomics and Evolution
Forest Spencer
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
27
BIOLOGY
Summary:
Many students agreed that the lab portion of the course was fundamental to their success. They also
agreed that the professor discussed interesting topics and the small class size were great aspects as well.
Students disliked the long lectures and thought the PowerPoint presentations were not helpful.
Suggestions for improvement include: a shorter class period, clearer instructions/schedule, and regular
office hours with the professor and TA. Prospective students should know that a solid background in
biology will be very helpful in this course and no textbook is required.
AS.020.136.01-02
Phage Hunting II
Emily Fisher, Joel Schildbach
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
This course offers students independence and the opportunity to explore their creativity by allowing
them to design their own experiment. This course also offers hands-on experience and a professor who
is approachable. The worst and most difficult aspects of this course were annotating the genome and
the readings. Suggestions for improvement include: more time spent on genome annotation and more
focus on individual projects. Prospective students should be prepared to spend a great deal of time in
the lab, but a fun time is guaranteed.
AS.020.152.01-02
General Biology II
Richard McCarty, Rebecca Pearlman, Chistov Roberson, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
Many students agreed that the professors for this course were great. They were able to teach biology in
an understandable way and covered interesting materials. However, students did complain of
information being crammed into a short amount of time and that some of the professors rely on video
clips to teach. In addition, students were not pleased with the Biolit assignments. Suggestions for
improvement include: no Biolit assignments, easier exams, more interaction, and concise course
readings. Prospective students should have prior biology knowledge and have taken the AP biology test
for best success.
AS.020.154.01-05
General Biology Lab II
Rebecca Pearlman
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the dissection labs, hands-on experience, and great teaching
assistants. The worst aspects of this class were disorganized and tedious labs and lack of instruction and
guidance. Students suggested more organized procedures, elimination of flowcharts, and use of the
28
BIOLOGY
textbook to improve the quality of this course. Prospective students should know that the grading scale
is very tough, which makes it difficult to earn an A, but the class is enjoyable with the help of the right
teaching assistant. Prospective students should also do their labs and be comfortable with dissection.
AS.020.162.01
Biology Workshop II
Rebecca Pearlman
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the workload, discussions, and interesting topics covered. Many
students agreed that the long guest lectures and the reliance on technology were the worst aspects. To
improve the quality of this course, students suggested more hands-on experiences, simple homework
assignments, and more peer interaction. Prospective students should know that this course is a great
option to fill one credit and a background in biology is not needed.
AS.020.306.01
Cell Biology
Emily Fisher, Myles Hoyt, Rejji Kuruvilla, Kathryn Tifft Oshinnaiye
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
Students who took this course thought that the best aspects included that the course was taught by a
group of instructors, notes and slides from lectures were available online, and the information was
interesting and engaging. However, there was a great deal of material to cover in a short time, and many
students thought the tests and grading curve were the worst aspects of the course. Improvements could
be made by matching teaching styles of the various instructors, and making the test material clearer.
Prospective students should know that this class requires a lot of work, but the instructors give
opportunities for assistance.
AS.020.312.01
Introduction to the Human Brain
Edward Hedgecock
Overall quality of the class: 3.61
Summary:
Study guides, test questions, and lectures, are all available for students online, and the material covered
was interesting. However, there was no incentive to attend lecture and the instructor was often difficult
to hear or understand. More engaging lectures, updated material, and required attendance would
improve the course. Prospective students should know that it is not necessary to have background
knowledge on the brain, but you will need one for this course.
AS.020.316.01-08
Cell Biology Lab
Robert Horner
29
BIOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 2.93
Summary:
Hands-on experimentation, learning real world lab techniques, and making connections to the material
presented in lecture were the highlights of this course. The grading system lacked clarity and the lab
time was often spent waiting around, which many students thought were the worst aspects of the
course. More engaging and better organized labs, an updated grading scale, and less emphasis on the
practical would improve this course. Prospective students should know that the class requires a great
deal of study time, and you should have a background in cell biology or biochemistry.
AS.020.332.01
Photosynthesis by Land and Aquatic Organisms
Robert Horner, E Moudrianakis
Overall quality of the class: 3.62
Summary:
The course was interesting and the information was presented humorously. There are only two graded
exams, so many students were unsure of their standing in the class. The course would be improved if
the small class size was taken advantage of for discussions, and if the grading had been more
transparent. Prospective students should know that keeping up with the readings is essential.
AS.020.337.01
Stem Cells & the Biology of Aging & Disease
Barry Zirkin
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
This course was informative and interesting, with guest speakers who brought real-world experience,
and was taught by an engaging and enjoyable instructor. Some students thought the length of the once
per week class and having only two graded assignments were the worst aspects of the course. Some
improvements to the course would be a shorter meeting time (twice a week) and smaller class size for
more discussion opportunities. Prospective students should take this course with the same instructor,
and know that it is more like a seminar series where every class is different but relevant.
AS.020.363.01
Developmental Biology
Xin Chen, Carolyn Norris, Mark Van Doren
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course include the interesting material presented, the use of the
chalkboard for in-class notes by Dr. Van Doren, and the availability of lectures online prior to class. Many
students found Dr. Chen's lectures difficult to follow, and wanted more than three exams as the whole
grade. More consistent lecture recordings and one instructor for the semester would improve the
30
BIOLOGY
course. Prospective students should know that attending lectures and taking thorough notes are
imperative.
AS.020.367.01
Primate Adaptation and Evolution
Jonathan Perry
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
This course was an interesting change of pace for the typical biology student. The material is interesting
and is presented by an instructor who is knowledgeable and approachable. The grading was strict, and
two exams made up 80% of the grade. More hands-on lectures and less reliance on two major exams for
the final grade would improve this course. This course is split between biology and paleontology, so
incoming students should have some familiarity with evolutionary concepts.
AS.020.371.01
Emerging Strategies in Understanding Innate Behaviors
Seth Blackshaw, Samer Hattar
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
The small class size, open and ungraded discussions, and in-depth analysis of research papers were the
most cited highlights of this course. The information overload was the one of the worst aspects of this
course, as was the lack of feedback regarding grades. Most students agreed that returning graded work
in a timelier manner and giving more background to readings would improve the course the most.
Prospective students should know that most of the students who took this course highly recommend it
to others.
AS.020.373.01-04
Developmental Biology Lab
Carolyn Norris
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
Most students found the labs interesting, the independent project rewarding, and the wide variety of
organisms examined the best aspects of this course. However, many students cited disorganization with
regards to lab schedules and slow grading as the worst aspects of the course. Some possible
improvements to the course would be returning grades and giving feedback sooner. Additionally, many
students would like to have more guidance and structure for the independent project. Prospective
students should know that the final project will require more than the scheduled lab times, but overall
the course material is fascinating and will add to your understanding of the developmental biology
lecture.
AS.020.375.01
Human Gross Anatomy
31
BIOLOGY
Valerie Deleon
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Most students agreed that the highlights of this course included the engaging lectures, the high quality
of the instructor, and the availability of the instructor and TA for assistance. The amount of information
presented and memorization required were far and away the worst aspects of the course. Recorded
lectures, more 3-D models, and more frequent meeting times would improve the course. Prospective
students should know that this course requires a hefty time commitment, good study skills, and
dedication.
AS.020.390.01
Model Systems in Biology
Crystal Wall
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Critical understanding of research papers, experiment design, and proposal development were the best
aspects of this course, along with an experienced instructor. Some students felt that expectations for
assignments were unclear, and that some readings seemed unnecessarily dense. More feedback on
writing scientifically would be an improvement to the course, along with fewer short assignments.
Prospective students should know that this is a writing intensive course, and you will have weekly
reading and writing assignments.
AS.020.420.01
Build-a-Genome
Joel Bader, Karen Zeller
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Many students liked the hands-on experience, open lab, and critical thinking aspects of this course most.
The class gave students the opportunity to display what they have learned throughout the course in a
lab setting. Students admitted that some of the lab tools were old and there was a lack of feedback for
submitted work. Suggestions for improvement include: more lab freedom without TA's and more guest
lecturers. Prospective students must be willing to come into the lab outside of class time and have
knowledge of microbiology techniques.
AS.020.442.01-02
Mentoring in Biology
Rebecca Pearlman, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
Many students enjoyed the peer grading aspect of the course. This aspect made it easy for students to
32
BIOLOGY
interact with both their classmates and professors. The worst aspect about this course was that students
didn't take advantage of the help offered to them. In order to improve the quality of this course,
students suggested more peer participation. Prospective students should have a background in biology.
33
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.580.112.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
This course offered students collaborative hands-on experience with real world problems. The mix of
year classification made freshmen feel like they had a support system from upperclassmen and the older
students' insight was intriguing for younger students. In addition, critical thinking skills were broadened
and students challenged themselves. The lectures were a low point of the course, and the work was
time consuming and stressful for many students. Also, the course schedule confused students and there
were unclear grading guidelines. It was suggested that lectures be relevant, that a more objective
grading system and rubrics be implemented, and that there be more guest speakers. This course is an
extremely big time commitment, so prospective students should take this into consideration.
EN.580.200.01
Introduction to Scientific Computing in BME using Python, Matlab, and R
Michael Beer
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
This course was solid introduction to programming and concepts of algorithms. It was beginner friendly,
and many students felt like they progressed at a fairly fast pace. The assignments given tested students'
knowledge and allowed them to practice the language confidently. But there was a lot of work involved
in this course, and some students said that the professor kept trying to relate the class to Biology. In
addition, grading was completed late, there wasn't enough time spent on R, the class seemed a bit
rushed, and the syllabus wasn't followed. Suggestions for improvement include: more focus on Matlab
and R, a section TA, less course work, and more help sessions for students. Prospective students should
prepare for tons of work and should have some computer science background.
EN.580.202.01
34
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
BME in the Real World
Aleksander Popel
Overall quality of the class: 3.98
Summary:
Many students agreed that they were exposed to possible career opportunities in the BME field by
different guest speakers coming into the class and revealing information relevant to their path. Work
was not required, and it was relieving that students just needed to listen during class. However, if the
guest speaker was not engaging, students were bored and the last minute cancellations threw the class
off. Also, many of the speakers were consultants, instead of in a BME career. In addition, students
would've appreciated if the speakers shared how they got to where they are rather than what they do
now. It was suggested that this course be for juniors because they are closer to entering the job market,
that there be more interaction, and more variety of speakers. Prospective students should know that
they need to attend class because their grade will be based on attendance.
EN.580.212.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 4.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.222.01-06
Systems and Controls
Michael Miller, Sridevi Sarma
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
Many students were able to easily follow Dr. Sarma's lectures because of the examples provided and
clearly explained concepts. Many students liked Dr. Miller as well, but they felt like they had to learn
everything on their own because of his teaching style. There was really in-depth teaching of the systems
and by the end of the course they could apply what they learned. The first half of the course was
challenging for students because it was complex and there was no textbook available for the second
half. Suggestions for improvement include: more organization during Miller's section, more real life
applications, and switching the order of the course. Prospective students should be comfortable learning
on their own.
EN.580.223.01-04; 06
Models and Simulations
Michael Beer, Aleksander Popel
Overall quality of the class: 3.45
Summary:
35
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
This course would be perfect for prospective students who have a passion for mathematics. It combined
math, physics, and chemistry and forced students to learn Matlab. Classes were taught with practical
examples, and PowerPoints were available online. Both professors seemed to have done a
commendable job teaching because concepts were thoroughly explained and presentations were well
put-together. But the course material's density outweighed the great professors. In addition, Dr. Beer
put problems in the slideshows instead of solving them on the board, and there wasn't a textbook to
refer to. To improve this course, it was suggested by students that there be more structure, more
resources like a textbook or online tools, more interactive lectures, and less homework. Prospective
students should be ready to work hard and should have a background in physics and differential
equations.
EN.580.302.01
Careers in Biomedical Engineering
Aleksander Popel
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the variety of speakers, seeing what people are doing after
Hopkins, and the relaxed nature of the course. This is an easy and enjoyable one credit course. Despite
this, some of the speakers did not have careers related to BME, which seemed counterproductive to the
point of the class. More speakers from the BME industry and a presentation from a hiring manager were
suggested as improvements to the course. Prospective students should know this is a great course for
networking, and to get a look at your options post-Hopkins.
EN.580.312.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the real world experience, working in teams, and seeing a project
through from start to finish. Students got to consult and network with physicians, engineers, and
investors from top institutions all over the world. The worst aspects of this course were the unhelpful
and scattered lectures and the vague grading system. Some suggestions for improving the course
include making the grading and feedback system clearer and more frequent meetings with faculty
advisors. Prospective students should know this course requires a great deal of work and commitment,
but will give you real world experience. This course is highly recommended.
EN.580.412.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
36
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
The highlights of this course were the real world experience, the ability to work through the design
process from start to finish, and the meaningful team based problem solving. Resources were available
to students to design a solution to a real world problem. The worst aspects of this course were the
unclear and arbitrary grading method, meandering lectures, and lack of guidance. Suggestions for
improving the course included more lab space, clarity with regards to grading rubrics, and more
committee members or advisors. Prospective students should have experience with a variety of
technical skills like coding, CAD, electrical engineering, or circuitry. This course is highly recommended.
EN.580.414.01
Design Team/Team Leader
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
This class is highlighted by the intellectual challenge, the independent and practical nature of the
project, and the real world applicability. The negative aspects of the course included the sheer amount
of work involved, the politics of grading and patent applications, and the counter-productive nature of
the instructor. Many students thought the grading system was arbitrary and based more on the
instructors favorites than actual work. Suggestions for improving the course include assigning a different
instructor, more impartial and transparent grading, and an earlier start time during the year for the
course. Prospective students should know that this course involves a ton of work but you will get the
chance to work on things that might change the world.
EN.580.415.01
Ethics of Biomedical Engineering Innovation
Feilim Macgabhann
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this class include the open and engaging in-class discussions, the knowledgeable
instructor, and the variety of topics covered. The topics covered had immediate and real-world
applications in the BME field, and covered many ideas that students had not previously considered. The
worst aspects of the course were the inconsistent assignments and the lack of feedback on written
assignments. Suggestions to improve the course included more regular feedback or grades on work and
the option to pick teams for the final project rather than be assigned by the instructor. Prospective
students should know this is a great class for students from various disciplines, the assignments are not
difficult, the atmosphere is relaxed, and the course and instructor are highly recommended.
EN.580.420.01
Build-a-Genome
Joel Bader, Jef Boeke, Karen Zeller
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
37
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
The best aspects of this course were the hands-on experiences in the lab, working with the International
Genome Project, and getting real-time feedback on the processes from the instructors. This course
taught lab techniques along with information on cutting edge topics. The worst aspects of the course
included the lab machinery which often broke or malfunctioned, and the lack of funding. Some
suggestions to improve the course included giving more computational instruction and upgraded
equipment. Prospective students should know that the course is what you make of it, and requires time
outside of class to complete many of the experiments successfully. This course is highly recommended.
EN.580.422.01-04
Systems Bioengineering II
Eileen Haase, Xiaoqin Wang
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
This course was highlighted by fascinating lectures presented through interesting material. There was a
good deal of information covered in one semester, and many students thought the TA did an excellent
job of breaking down the more complex ideas during section. Additionally, the lectures were recorded
and available online. The worst aspects of the course were the disorganization between various
lecturers, the memorization required for the exams, and the homework was difficult, time consuming,
and did not always correspond to the lecture. Some suggestions for improving the course include more
continuity between lecturers, homework that corresponds to the exams, and providing slides from
lectures as PowerPoint files rather than PDFs. Prospective students should know the course is composed
of several instructors, some better than others. This is a difficult but rewarding class.
EN.580.424.01-05
Systems Bioengineering Lab
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
The highlights of this course include the interesting hands-on experiments, clear connection between
the labs and the concepts from SBE II, and the demonstration of theory into practice. However, many of
the labs seemed more like busy work, the exam included material not included in class, and many pre-
lab lectures seemed disconnected from the labs. Some suggestions for improving the course included
getting rid of Dr. Winslow's lab, better grading rubrics for lab reports, and better preparation for the
exam. Prospective students should know that this course is an extension of SBE Lab I. The experiments
are somewhat theoretical, and don't always work properly, but the course is a relatively low workload
and can be enjoyable.
EN.580.442.01
Tissue Engineering
Jennifer Elisseeff, Warren Grayson
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
38
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
The best aspects of this course were the variety of guest lecturers, the range of interesting topics
covered, and the knowledgeable and engaging instructors. The course makes students think about
biological processes and problems from an engineering perspective, making the potential solution
engineering based rather than biologically based. The worst aspects of the course include the lack of
organization to the topics covered, the significant final paper in addition to the final exam, and the lack
of clear feedback on graded work. More organization of topics, more cohesion between instructors, and
better preparation for the exams were all suggested improvements to the class. Prospective students
should know this is an interesting course with a low to moderate workload. The material presented is
cutting edge and current.
EN.580.448.01
Biomechanics of the Cell
Alexander Spector, Sean Sun
Overall quality of the class: 2.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting materials, the variety of biomechanical applications,
and bi-weekly homework. The worst aspects of the course were the poor preparation for exams, the
instructors' lackluster lecturing techniques, and disorganized lectures. Some suggestions for improving
the course included providing a better textbook or references to reading material, some example
equations in class, and homework that better prepares students for the exams. Prospective students
should know the course focuses more on mechanical engineering, homework is frustrating, and
feedback on grades is hard to come by.
EN.580.452.01-02
Cell and Tissue Engineering Lab
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.456.01
Introduction to Rehabilitation Engineering
Scott Paul
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the breadth of topics covered, the lectures from a wide range of
fields, and the team based projects. Seeing engineering used to help make people's lives better was
rewarding and motivating. The worst aspect of the course was the minimal instruction regarding
assignments and the lack of feedback on those same assignments. Suggestions for improving the course
included giving clearer expectations or grading rubrics for assignments, banning laptops from class time,
and less overlap between presenters. Prospective students should know this course covers a wide
variety of interesting topics and is highly recommended.
39
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.473.01
Modern Biomedical Imaging Instrumentation and Techniques
Benjamin Tsui
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.476.01
Magnetic Resonance in Medicine
Paul Bottomley, Daniel Herzka
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.491.01
Learning Theory
Reza Shadmehr
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.581.01
Senior Design Project
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
This class is highlighted by independent, real world projects, and the chance to design and build a
complex project with autonomy. The lack of clear guideposts and expectations for projects were the
worst aspects of this course. To improve the course students suggested more one-on-one meetings,
more rigorous requirements, and additional interaction between the students in the class. Prospective
students should know the class requires personal motivation. The intellectual challenge is similar to
design team, with the difference of solo projects.
EN.580.603.01
Special Topics in Bioengineering Innovation & Design
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.606.01
Business of Bioengineering Innovation and Design
40
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the knowledgeable and insightful instructor, the fascinating and
pertinent case studies, and the interesting reading list. This course offered students the chance to
interact with guest lecturers from various fields and of high prestige; invaluable in terms of starting a
career in the field. The worst aspects of this course were the long class time, the amount of reading, and
the written reports that accompanied each reading. Possible improvements to the class include having
shorter but more frequent classes, additional suggested readings, and more instruction on the
quantitative side of business. Prospective students should know the course is better with student
participation, has a fair amount of reading and writing expected, and is highly recommended.
EN.580.612.01
Medical Device Design and Innovation
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
This course was highlighted by student independence in the choice of research topics, objectives, and
study design, access to experts from a variety of relevant backgrounds, and supportive feedback from
the instructor. Many students were hard pressed to think of a more beneficial and intellectually
stimulating experience available at Hopkins. The tradeoff between preparing presentations and written
assignments and time for technical development was one negative aspect in the class, as was the lack of
structure. Some possible improvements to the course include access to software engineers and
manufacturers, faster turn-around time for IRB approval, and faculty who has experienced firsthand
being part of a medical device start-up. Prospective students should know this is a student driven course
and you make it what you want it to be. This is a rare opportunity, and an amazing chance to start
something life changing.
EN.580.620.01
Principles and Practice of Global Health Innovation and Design
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The highlights of this class were the chance to travel to international locations to conduct field studies
and speak with clinicians and NGOs. The students developed collaborations and partnerships with
people in the field and were given autonomy to decide what direction to take their projects. The worst
aspects of the course were the challenging transitions from being in-country to in the lab, the difficulty
scheduling meetings with some of the international advisors, and the weekly update meetings.
Improvements suggested for the course included better knowledge transfer from one year's group to
the next, technical mentors for each team, and more time abroad. Prospective students should learn as
much about the project before setting off, take time to plan how to get the most of your travel time,
and take in this once in a lifetime experience.
41
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.642.01
Tissue Engineering
Jennifer Elisseeff, Warren Grayson
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the inclusion of current research, guest lectures, and the range of
knowledge from theoretical to practical. The course material selected was interesting and relevant, and
the course notes were well organized. The worst aspects of the course were the large focus on
memorization for the exams and the lack of guidance or feedback on the final project. Many students
were not sure the direction they were headed in was the right one. Suggestions for improving the class
include giving better feedback on assignments, more focus on engineering over biology, and clear
expectations for exams. Prospective students should know this is a great course for an overview of
tissue engineering. The class is highly recommended.
EN.580.673.01
Magnetic Resonance in Medicine
Paul Bottomley, Daniel Herzka
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.684.01
Ultrasound Imaging: Theory and Applications
Muyinatu Bell, Emad Boctor
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.688.01
Foundations of Computational Biology & Bioinformatics II
Rachel Karchin
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the programming assignments in PYTHON, the hands-on activities,
and the real-world preparation. Students appreciated coordinating with other students and other labs.
The worst aspects of this course were the fast pace of lectures and the time needed for programming
homework. Possible improvements to the course include fewer homework assignments, or more time
for the programming assignments. Prospective students should know that having a background in
Python or R programming languages is very helpful. This course is recommended.
EN.580.691.01
42
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Learning Theory
Reza Shadmehr
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.737.01
Distinguished Lecture Series in Computational Medicine
Sridevi Sarma
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
43
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
BIOPHYSICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.250.106.01
Introduction to Biomedical Research and Careers I
P Huang
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The highlights of this course were the variety of guest speakers and the knowledge base of the
instructor. Additionally, there was a dinner at Hopkins Club, and guest speakers were available for
questions after the lectures. Many students thought the late time of the class and the term paper were
the worst aspects of the course. Suggestions for improvement included holding class at an earlier time,
and basing the grade on smaller assignments. Prospective students should know this course is
interesting and enjoyable, and gives many opportunities for networking.
AS.250.205.01
Introduction to Computing
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The highlights of this course included the overview to three of the most used programming languages,
the interactive nature of the assignments, and the relaxed and stress-free environment. Many students
found that they left the course with a firm grasp of useful and applicable information. However, many
students cited the need to work in on-campus computer labs and the heavy workload as the worst
aspects of the course. Some suggestions for improvements included more time for each assignment,
additional TA's, and more clarity in the overall instruction. Prospective students should know that the
course can be labor intensive, but the information is invaluable especially for those going into the
sciences.
AS.250.205.02
Introduction to Computing
Ana Damjanovic
44
BIOPHYSICS
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The top features of this course were the small class size, hands-on learning, and an attentive and
knowledgeable instructor. Three coding languages are taught in one semester, something that was
ranked both the best and worst aspect by many students. Additionally, many students cited the fast
pace as a detraction from the course. Some improvements suggested were to slow the pace or include
only two coding languages. Prospective students should know that the workload is heavy, but the
information is invaluable.
AS.250.253.01
Protein Engineering and Biochemistry Lab
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
Most students agreed that the hands-on nature of the course and the student driven, individual
investigations were the best features of this course. Learning various lab techniques and the experience
of designing a mutation to a protein then carrying it out was unparalleled. The weekly homework was
overwhelming at times, and some of the assignment instructions were unclear. Suggested
improvements included breaking the class meeting time into two days per week and lowering the
amount of weekly work. While the workload can be daunting, prospective students should know that
this is a fun and interesting course.
AS.250.265.01
Introduction to Bioinformatics
Patrick Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the hands-on labs, the well-organized lectures, and the clear
expectations and schedule. The instructor was engaging and available to help students. Some students
thought the lectures were a bit repetitive. Some suggestions for improvements included making the
computer programs available away from the computer lab for more flexibility, and giving additional
practice material for exams. Prospective students should know that the course was interesting and
informative, with in-depth labs.
AS.250.300.01
Introduction to Biomedical Research and Careers II
P Huang
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
45
BIOPHYSICS
The highlight of this course was the range of speakers from diverse fields. There are opportunities to
network with a range of professionals. However, most students thought the grade being determined by
only one paper was the worst aspect of this course. Some suggestions for improvement included having
several smaller assignments, and making the presentations available after class. Prospective students
should know this course is interesting and carries a light workload.
AS.250.306.01
Introduction to Biomedical Research and Careers III
P Huang
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.250.372.01
Biophysical Chemistry
Doug Barrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
This course had interesting and informative lectures, a relaxed and effective instructor, and a small class
size as some of the highlights. Both the instructor and TA were willing to help with any question
students had. The material at the start of the semester is a bit boring, but the material at the end of the
semester was very exciting. The course includes a good deal of work, lectures were confusing, and the
exams were difficult. More session notes and a clarified grading system would improve the course.
Prospective students should know that the course involves difficult work, but the information is
interesting and intellectually stimulating.
AS.250.383.01
Molecular Biophysics Laboratory
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Most students cited the small class size and challenge of the course as the best aspects. Additionally,
learning to use some new techniques and instruments was a highlight. However, the instructor's poor
time management and disorganization were the worst aspects of the course. More structure to each
session and better time management were suggested improvements. Prospective students should know
that the course can be fun and interesting but also frustrating.
AS.250.401.01
Advanced Seminar in Structural and Physical Virology
Bertrand Garcia-Moreno
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
46
BIOPHYSICS
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
47
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
ARABIC DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.375.116.02-03
First Year Arabic II
Fadel Abdallah, Khalil Tahrawi
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
Many students agreed that the professors for this course care about their students and made sure they
understood the material by using repetition. The class size was small, which lead to many opportunities
for class participation. However, students were not excited about class being every day and did not think
the textbook helped students learn how to speak Arabic. Suggestions for improvement included
replacing the textbook, more practice speaking Arabic in class, and more variety in classroom activities.
Prospective students should know that the course workload is relatively light, but frequent practice and
memorization is important for success.
AS.375.216.01
Second Year Arabic II
Fadel Abdallah
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the small class size and the professor's attitude. Many students
agreed that the professor was approachable and nice. He included information about the Arab world
and cultures, outside of the language. The worst aspects were the course fast pace and reliance on the
textbook instead of classroom conversation. Many students had hoped the small class size would offer
more opportunities for conversational practice, and were disappointed that so much learning relied on
the textbook. Students suggested a more interactive method of teaching, a slower pace, and adding
homework assignments. Prospective students should be familiar with basic Arabic before enrolling.
AS.375.302.01
Third Year Arabic II
Fadel Abdallah
48
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: ARABIC
Overall quality of the class: 3.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
49
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
CHINESE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.373.112.01-02
First Year Heritage Chinese II
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
Many students agreed that the professor for this course was great. He was friendly and attentive to his
students and the course teaches writing, speaking, and Chinese characters. Many students also agreed
that the structure of the course was clear and the professor's teaching style made the language easier to
grasp. However, many students complained about the quizzes that were given during every class period.
Suggestions for improvement include: more note-taking and more focus on conversational Chinese.
Prospective students should be prepared for quizzes and to work hard.
AS.373.116.01-04
First Year Chinese II
Yi-Chen Chiang, Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the organization and structure of the class, and the skills learned
from the professors. Students felt like they actually learned the Chinese language by practicing their
speaking skills during class discussions. The worst aspects of the course were memorization and the
amount of class period per week. Many students agreed that the course could get overwhelming,
especially if the student's workload is already immense. Suggestions for improvement include slowing
down the pace, smaller workload, and more practice with listening comprehension. Prospective
students should remember that the course is difficult, but worth it.
AS.373.212.02
Second Year Heritage Chinese II
Aiguo Chen
50
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: CHINESE
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.373.216.01-03
Second Year Chinese II
Aiguo Chen, Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
Many students who took this course enjoyed the constant conversational aspect and the professors. The
professors were described as engaging and exciting and the workload for the course was very balanced.
The worst aspects of the course were the quizzes that required knowledge of 25 words each time, the
confusing lectures and in some classes there was a heavy workload. Suggestions for improvement
include: clearer lectures, a slower pace, and more cumulative practice. Prospective students should be
comfortable with memorization and studying each day.
AS.373.314.01
Third Year Heritage Chinese II
Aiguo Chen
Overall quality of the class: 3.30
Summary:
Many students agreed that learning about the Chinese language and culture was exciting. The professor
seemed genuine, and the class discussions were interesting. However, students complained about the
loose structure of the course, the lack of time spent on grammar, and the time spent outside of class
studying. It was suggested by students that there be more in-depth discussions of class material during
class and more focus to improve the quality of this course. Prospective students should already be
proficient in the Chinese language and be able to put in hours of studying.
AS.373.316.01
Third Year Chinese II
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
Many students agreed that the professor for this course was amazing. He was lively and happy every
class, except for when students failed to complete their homework. He also gave great feedback to
students and was willing to help them. Students enjoyed the light workload and the pace of the course
as well, but did not enjoy the character quizzes, and the feeling of remaining stagnant in their Chinese
language skills. Suggestions for improvement include: splitting the character quizzes into two parts to
make it less overwhelming, more conversation, and explanations of English translations. Prospective
students will be expected to memorize large chunks of information and studying.
AS.373.416.01
51
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: CHINESE
Fourth Year Chinese II
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
52
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
HEBREW DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.384.116.01.SP14
First Year Modern Hebrew II
Zvi Cohen
Overall quality of the class: 3.55
Summary:
The small class setting of this course created an intimate and fun environment. Many students saw
growth in their Hebrew language and cultural skills. The professor was informative and requires
students to communicate in the language. However, the focus is often lost resulting in students learning
useless information. The class also includes students at different levels, so students who were not as
advanced were often left behind. It was suggested by students that projects be required to mix up the
course a bit. It was also suggested that the professor give clearer instructions on exam materials and
feedback. Prospective students should be prepared to turn in homework every class.
53
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
HINDI DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.381.102.01-02
First Year Hindi II
Uma Saini
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
It was clear to see that the professor of this course wanted her students to do well. She was
approachable, enthusiastic, and simply amazing. Students actually learned the Hindi language and felt
comfortable speaking in the small class. There were not many complaints from this class, but students
did notice that sometimes they were a few days off schedule from the syllabus, causing some confusion.
Suggestions for improvement include a new classroom with a chalkboard/whiteboard and more
speaking rehearsal. Prospective students do not need a Hindi background and will love the professor.
AS.381.202.01
Second Year Hindi II
Uma Saini
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
During this course, students not only learned the Hindi language, but also learned about Indian history
and culture. The class size is small and the professor was helpful to her students. Often times, students
felt lost and confused about what was expected on assignments, and wanted the class to meet more so
they could keep up with what they were learning. Suggestions for improvement included more grammar
review and a glossary for vocabulary words. Prospective students should know that this course focuses
more on reading and comprehension than writing.
54
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
JAPANESE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.378.116.01-03
First Year Japanese II
Mayumi Johnson, Satoko Katagiri
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
After leaving this class, many students agreed that they felt connected to their classmates because of
the close-knit feel of the small class. Many students also agreed that they learned a great amount of
Japanese within a short period of time. The professors of this course were described as "excellent," and
allowed students to practice the language by speaking during class periods. However, students were
displeased with the grading system and the course was somewhat vigorous. It was suggested by
students that quiz instructions be clearer and that grammar notes be available online. Prospective
students should be aware of the tricky grading system and be prepared to work.
AS.378.216.01
Second Year Japanese II
Makiko Nakao
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.378.316.01
Third Year Japanese II
Satoko Katagiri
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
Summary:
The interaction amongst classmates, the continuous practice of reading and writing Japanese, and the
structure of the course is what students enjoyed most. However, students did not think enough
emphasis was put on the speaking aspect of the language, and some students sensed that the professor
55
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: JAPANESE
didn't want to be there and lessons became repetitive. Suggestions for improvement include: adding
more variety to course readings, more practice of speech and writing. Students who are comfortable
with the Japanese language should take this course and remember that it will be fun, but not easy.
AS.378.416.01
Fourth Year Japanese II
Makiko Nakao
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
56
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
KOREAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.380.102.01
First Year Korean II
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course agreed that it was a great experience learning both the Korean
language and culture. Students also learned Korean dialogue and grammar and saw an improvement in
their skills in just a semester. However, students felt overwhelmed by the extensive vocabulary and the
pressure to nail terms on quizzes. In addition, many students expected more listening practice and
disliked both the textbook and workbook. In order to improve the quality of this course, it was
suggested that there be a different textbook used, more review of vocabulary before quizzes, and more
speaking practice. Prospective students should have some background in Korean to make success easier
to attain.
AS.380.202.01
Second Year Korean II
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
The professor of this course was patient, considerate, timely, and understanding towards her students.
She made the course enjoyable and was willing to help with any questions. Many students were drawn
to the class discussions and positive environment of the classroom. During the course, students focused
more on writing and speech than in First Year Korean II. Students expressed their disappointment with
the lack of translations in the back of the textbook, and some students did not feel prepared for Second
Year Korean II after taking the first course. It was suggested that students be granted the opportunity to
practice dialogue with a native speaker to improve the course quality. Prospective students should be
aware that this professor will not be returning in the fall and that the course is time consuming, but
worth it.
57
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: KOREAN
AS.380.302.01
Third Year Korean II
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
Students from this course raved about how great the professor was. They said she was engaging and
tried to make the class as interactive as possible. She always was a fair grader and forgiving when her
students made mistakes. Group presentations seemed to be a highlight of the semester for many, and
the comprehensive teaching style made things run smoothly. Students were unhappy about the class
being at 8 a.m., and found some of the reading material to be difficult. It was suggested that the class be
moved to a later time and that the reading difficulty be taken down a few notches. Prospective students
should be prepared for a huge leap in proficiency from the previous level to this one.
58
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
RUSSIAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.377.132.01
Elementary Russian II
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
Students who are looking for a new language to learn with a professor who is very fair and genuine
should enroll in this course. Previously enrolled students thought this course offered a solid Russian
language foundation in just one year. The focus of this course seemed to be grammar and vocabulary,
and students were quizzed on these components. The DVD segments were seen as useless and the
textbook was not organized well enough for students. Some students also said that the professor was
unreasonable at times and that attendance was always low. Suggestions for improvement include: a
new textbook, more emphasis on speaking and comprehension, and a later class time. Prospective
students should know this course requires more work than other introductory language courses.
AS.377.209.01
Advanced Russian Grammar
Annalisa Czeczulin
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.377.396.01
Senior Seminar II: 20th Century Masterpieces
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
This course offered its students a peek into Russia's culture by focusing on art, authors, and culture.
Students also viewed films that were relevant to Russian language and culture. Class discussions became
59
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: RUSSIAN
an interesting and fun aspect of the course. However, the syllabus was not followed and the course was
disorganized. Students suggested that writing workshops be given to work on grammar rules and that
the professor does a better job adhering to the syllabus. Prospective students should be proficient in
Russian and have a basic knowledge of Russian history.
60
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
CENTER FOR LEADERSHIP EDUCATION DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.663.640.01
Writing Proposals That Win
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
During this course, students learned how to distinguish a high-scoring proposal from an average one and
also learned how to avoid mistakes so that their proposals would be far from average. The professor
used direct experience to teach students, and the light coursework along with the once a week meetings
made things manageable. However, students would have liked the course to follow the syllabus and
they also would have liked more than seven class periods. Suggestions for improvement include:
handouts/textbook for students to refer to, Blackboard use, and PowerPoint use. This course was highly
recommended to prospective students but is mostly for Ph.Ds and Postdocs.
EN.663.645.02
Improving Presentation Skills for Scientists and Engineers
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.663.647.01
Academic Writers' Workshop
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.663.666.01
Managing Personal Finances
61
CENTER FOR LEADERSHIP EDUCATION
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
62
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.540.202.01-02
Introduction to Chemical & Biological Process Analysis
Lise Dahuron, Jeffrey Gray
Overall quality of the class: 3.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the broad introduction to the field of chemical engineering, the
PILOT sections, and the hands-on problems. Many of the problems had clear relationships to designing
systems in the real world. The worst aspects of the course were the group homework, the rapid pace of
the class, and the disorganization of in class notes. Students also cited the short notice and
unreasonable expectations of the final project as a major detraction from the class. Suggestions for
improving the class include allowing students to form their working groups or doing away with group
homework, more examples shown in class, and additional programming instruction. Prospective
students should know that this course requires a fair time commitment, but will give you a good idea of
what the ChemBE major is like and if it's for you.
EN.540.203.01
Engr Thermodynamics
Chao Wang
Overall quality of the class: 3.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an enthusiastic and caring instructor, interesting subject
material, and a useful textbook. The TA sessions helped students especially with homework. The worst
aspects of the course include the long and difficult homework sets, the fast pace of the class, and the
disorganization of lectures. Some suggestions for improvement included more examples during class,
quizzes in addition to exams, and better organized lecture notes. Prospective students should know the
class requires a good deal of independent learning, the course material is challenging, and the instructor
is not recommended.
EN.540.301.01
63
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
Kinetic Processes
An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the knowledgeable and clear instructor, the well-organized lecture
notes, and the textbook. The course built upon itself, and the homework is designed to keep you on
track. The worst aspects of the course was the reliance on MATLAB for homework making the difficulty
and time needed very high, and how easy falling behind became if you did not understand one section.
Some suggested improvements to the course include giving time to MATLAB instruction, practicing more
complex problems, and better preparation for the exams. Prospective students should know the class
requires a lot of time for homework, especially toward the end of the semester. This class is challenging
but very rewarding.
EN.540.301.02
Kinetic Processes
Honggang Cui
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the small class size, the clear and well organized lectures, and the
genuine care the instructor demonstrated toward his students. Many students commented that
Professor Cui took the time to make sure students had the concepts down before moving on to the next
section. The worst aspects of the course was the heavy reliance on MATLAB for homework, the
homework workload, and the rushed pace towards the end of the semester. Suggestions for improving
the course include less reliance on MATLAB or some time dedicated to MATLAB training, and less
homework. Prospective students should have some familiarity with MATLAB, pay attention in class, and
try to take this instructor.
EN.540.303.01
Transport Phenomena I
K Konstantopoulos
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material, the well planned and informative lectures,
and the material is intellectually challenging. The instructor gives exactly the information needed to do
well on the exams and is willing to help students. The worst aspects of the course were the textbook,
the large amount of time required for homework, and there is little feedback on grades. Some
suggestions for improvement include more applications and fewer derivations, more feedback on
homework and exams, and more practice problems with solutions. Prospective students should attend
recitation, keep up with the material, and take this instructor.
EN.540.306.01
Chemical & Biomolecular Separation
64
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
Michael Betenbaugh
Overall quality of the class: 3.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the humorous and unconventional teaching style of the instructor,
the material covered, and the helpful TAs. There was only one midterm and the textbook was
straightforward. The worst aspects of the course were the slow feedback on homework and exams, the
disorganization of the instructor, and the instructor's unconventional teaching methods. Suggested
improvements to the course included more timely feedback on homework, better organized lectures
and class progression, and access to problem solutions. Prospective students should know they will need
to read the textbook and do a good deal of independent learning.
EN.540.310.01
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Design: Spring
Lise Dahuron, Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The highlights of this course were the meetings with the professors, and the independence students had
when deciding on a project design. The worst aspects of the course were the heavy workload at the start
of the semester, and the fuzzy guidelines at times. Suggestions for improving the course included giving
students lab space, faster ordering systems, and more time dedicated to the process project.
Prospective students should opt for the two semester design, have a solid grasp on kinetics, separation,
and process analysis, and be prepared to dedicate a good deal of time to the project.
EN.540.314.01
Chemical Engineering Product & Process Design
An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
This course was highlighted by an independent design and research project, positive group dynamic, and
the opportunity to put classroom knowledge into practice. Additionally, this was a good introduction to
ASPEN. However, many students found the time allotted for the process and product projects was
inadequate and felt rushed. Some suggestions for improving the course were to stretch out the course
over two semesters, include a guest speaker with experience in this sort of project, and more guidance
for students. Prospective students should know this class requires a lot of writing and independent
work, and you need to stay organized and motivated. This course is rewarding and highly recommended.
EN.540.314.02-03
Chemical Engineering Product & Process Design
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
65
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
Summary:
This course was highlighted by independent design and research, freedom to come up with solutions to
real world problems, and creative thinking. Students found they were finally able to apply what they had
learned through ChemBE course work into practice. The worst aspects of the course were the limited
time available, the ASPEN software, and the possibility of having a dysfunctional group dynamic. Some
students were dismayed at the lack of funding to complete a real product, and thought much of the
feedback from the instructor was negative without being constructive. Suggestions for improving the
course included stretching the course over two semesters, a more structured schedule of meetings, and
money to develop an actual product. Prospective students should be sure to stay on top of the work,
pick your group carefully, and start thinking about design ideas at the start of the semester or earlier.
EN.540.314.04
Chemical Engineering Product & Process Design
Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.403.01
Colloids and Nanoparticles
Michael Bevan
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.405.01
The Design of Biomolecular Systems
Rebecca Schulman
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.419.01
Projects in the Design of a Chemical Car
Lise Dahuron, Joelle Frechette
Overall quality of the class: 4.76
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the hands on design and project base of the course, the freedom to
design new things and figure out solutions, and the chance to be creative. Many students thought the
relaxed atmosphere of the class made it feel more like a weekend project than a graded class. However,
with the freedom of the course came some disorganization in the schedule and uneven distribution of
work. Suggestions for improving the course include better structure in the schedule of work due, having
two cars to work on, and opportunities to work with CAD. Prospective students should know the class is
66
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
very laid back and is more like a club, the work can be uneven with some having more responsibility
than others, but overall the class is a great way to get hands on experience and is highly recommended.
EN.540.421.01
Project in Design: Pharmacodynamics
Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.436.01
Design: Pharmacokinetics/Dynamics
Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.440.01
Micro/Nanotechnology: The Science and Engineering of Small Structures
David Gracias
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the broad overview of topics from the production to uses of micro
technology, the knowledgeable instructor, and the high expectation of student work. The worst aspect
of the course was the uneven distribution of work over the semester and the high writing requirement.
Some suggestions for improving the course included making the class more interactive, a broader choice
of topics for papers, and fewer lectures. Prospective students should know this class is lecture based and
there are three papers and a presentation. The class is recommended.
EN.540.459.01
Bioengineering in Regenerative Medicine
Sharon Gerecht
Overall quality of the class: 3.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the broad range of interesting topics covered, the current research
included, and the low workload and freedom to learn independently. The worst aspects of the class
were the disorganization of some lectures, the short time given for final projects, and unclear grading
system for presentations. Many students were displeased that the exams were administered through
Blackboard. Suggestions for improving the course included better organization from the instructor
regarding expectations and exams, more logical lecture schedule, and administering exams in person.
Prospective students should know the material is quite interesting as are many of the lectures, the
workload is light, and this is an overall interesting course.
67
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.479.01
Current Topics in Eukaryotic Cell Biotechnology
Michael Betenbaugh
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The highlights of this course included the current nature of research presented, proposing and working
on an independent research project, and a knowledgeable and engaging instructor. The disorganized
schedule and unclear expectations were the worst aspects of the course. Better organization of the
schedule, more oversight for experiments, and an introductory lecture were suggested improvements to
the course. Prospective students should know the class is not easy and requires a good deal of
independent research, but is interesting and highly recommended.
EN.540.603.01
Colloids and Nanoparticles
Michael Bevan
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the laid back, engaging, and knowledgeable instructor, the
qualitative view of current research in the field, and the emphasis on real understanding of the material.
Many students appreciated hearing the instructor's critical review of the current research. The worst
aspects of the course included the lack of real challenge in some of the material, unclear expectations
for papers and presentations, and a lack of feedback. Some suggestions for improving the course
included more clarity in expectations for graded work, more time on quantitative assessments, and
holding the class at a later time. Prospective students should know this course is much more theoretical
than other engineering courses, has a low work load, and is a great introduction to colloids and
nanoparticles.
EN.540.605.01
The Design of Biomolecular Systems
Rebecca Schulman
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The highlights of this course included the fascinating topics covered, rigorous assignments, and a final
project rather than traditional final exam. Many students appreciated the format of assignments and
found they learned more from reading and understanding research papers verses cramming for an
exam. The most negative aspects of the class included the disorganization of some lectures, the
disconnection from real world applicability, and the lack of any discussion of the literature. Suggested
improvements to the course included more discussion in class, enforcing the prerequisite of MATLAB,
and a better chalkboard in the room. Prospective students should be familiar and comfortable with
MATLAB and study lectures in preparation for quizzes. This class is interesting and highly recommended.
68
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.621.01
Project in Design: Pharmacodynamics
Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.636.01
Design: Pharmacokinetics/Dynamics
Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.640.01
Micro/Nanotechnology: The Science and Engineering of Small Structures
David Gracias
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of the class were the interesting topics covered, thorough feedback, and light
workload. Students particularly enjoyed coming up with an original invention idea and studying current
breakthroughs in the technology. The worst aspects of the course were the lectures that seemed
disconnected to assignments, student presentations that were not always helpful, and the omission of
the limits of the technology discussed. Suggested improvements to the class included more student
interaction during class and more discussion of the technologies limitations. Prospective students should
know the workload is light and the material is interesting. This is a good class and is recommended.
EN.540.659.01
Bioengineering in Regenerative Medicine
Sharon Gerecht
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting and current material presented, the lectures on
bioethics, and the take home exams. The worst aspects of the course included the poorly worded and
ambiguous exam questions, the impression from the instructor that she did not care about the class,
and the lack of any feedback regarding grades. Many students thought the grading system was unclear
and subjective. Some suggestions for improving the class included a better organized syllabus with more
input from the instructor, exam questions that were consistent and covered the course material, and
better feedback on grades. Prospective students should know the material covered in the course is
interesting, but don't be fooled by open book exams. Study lecture notes and stay on top of the
material.
69
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
CHEMISTRY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.030.102.01
Introductory Chemistry II
Paul Dagdigian
Overall quality of the class: 3.27
Summary:
The highlights of this course were the availability of the OWL program to complete homework, in-class
models, and the instructor's willingness to help students outside of class. Many students thought that
the difficulty of the material and the fast pace of the course were the worst aspects. Some students
found the lectures and the instructor unhelpful and sometimes counter-productive. Some suggested
improvements included providing more practice questions for the exams, more one-on-one time with
either the instructor or a TA, and more in-class models. Prospective students should know that the
course work is challenging and requires a significant time commitment, but much of the material is
interesting.
AS.030.102.02
Introductory Chemistry II
Kenneth Karlin
Overall quality of the class: 3.13
Summary:
Some of the high points of this course were the challenging but interesting material, the OWL program
for homework, and the wealth of practice material for exams. While a few students cited the instructor
as the best aspect of the course, most cited him as the worst aspect. Many said that the instructor was
difficult to follow, unclear, and at times seemed disrespectful. Some suggested improvements included
more interesting and engaging lectures, more TA sessions, and smaller class size. If you are interested in
taking this course you should know that it is a challenge, but typical for a course on this topic.
AS.030.106.01-05
Introductory Chemistry Laboratory II
Louise Pasternack
70
CHEMISTRY
Overall quality of the class: 3.49
Summary:
Cool experiments, clear connection between the lab and lecture, and the hands-on nature of the course
were all cited as highlights of this class. By far, the majority of students thought that the amount of work
required did not reflect a one-credit course. Suggested improvements included lessening the workload
or offering a higher credit value. Many students also suggested getting rid of the Chem21 Lab software.
Prospective students should know that the workload can be heavy, but the experiments are fun and
interesting.
AS.030.113.01
Chemistry with Problem Solving II
Jane Greco
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size and the caring and knowledgeable
instructor. This course was a good resource for students in general chemistry. While many students
could not find fault, some thought the attendance policy was the worst aspect of the course. A common
suggestion for improvement was to separate the sections into separate classes. Prospective students
should know that this course is perfect for students who struggle or would benefit from additional help
in general chemistry.
AS.030.204.01-03
Chemical Structure and Bonding w/Lab
Tyrel Mcqueen
Overall quality of the class: 3.54
Summary:
The material in this course was interesting and presented by an instructor who is engaging, passionate,
and excited about teaching. Most students cited these things, along with feeling intellectually
challenged and rewarded, as the best aspects of the course. However, the material was often cited as
more challenging that the course level would imply, and many students thought the labs did not connect
well to the lectures. A better text book, more practice questions for exams, and more TAs available
during labs could improve the course. Prospective students should know that though the material is
difficult and you will need a significant time commitment, but it is a rewarding course.
AS.030.206.01
Organic Chemistry II
Lawrence Principe
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
71
CHEMISTRY
This course is highlighted by the instructor, Dr. Principe, who was cited far and away as the best aspect
of this course. He is a passionate teacher who made a difficult subject approachable, and kept lectures
interesting and engaging. The material is very challenging, and many students cited this as the worst,
but unavoidable, aspect of the course. More opportunities for graded work, or more practice exams
would improve the course. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of work required, and
they will need to stay on top of the material. Taking the course with Dr. Principe is highly recommended.
AS.030.206.02
Organic Chemistry II
Christopher Falzone
Overall quality of the class: 3.99
Summary:
Organic Chemistry II was an interesting and fun intellectual challenge, and most students gave Dr.
Falzone two thumbs way up for his engaging lectures and flexible office hours. Many students thought
the biochemistry section and the amount of daily studying were the worst aspects of this class. More
time for the material, fewer weekly quizzes, and more practice exams were suggested improvements to
the course. Prospective students should know that this course requires a lot of work and is very
challenging, and will require dedication on your part to succeed.
AS.030.212.01
Advanced Organic Chemistry
Thomas Lectka
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
Most students rated the instructor, Dr. Lectka, as the best aspect of this course. Students appreciated
his connection to real world applications, and his focus on understanding the material rather than just
memorizing it. Many students cited the lack of practice exam questions as the worst part of the course.
More practice for the exams and a more interactive lecture were some suggested improvements.
Prospective students should know that there is not a biochemistry unit in this course, and you will need
to do a good deal of work to keep up in the lectures. However, this was an interesting and rewarding
course, and will give interested students a deeper understanding of organic chemistry.
AS.030.225.01-05
Introductory Organic Chemistry Lab
Larissa D'Souza
Overall quality of this class: 3.49
Summary:
The hands-on lab experiments were the top rated aspect of this course. Many students also appreciated
seeing the material covered in lecture put into a real life application. The long, difficult, and sometimes
unclear exams, along with the stress level during labs were the worst aspects of the course. Fewer detail
oriented questions and more conceptual questions on exams, and more emphasis on lab reports over
exams were suggested improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that the course
72
CHEMISTRY
requires more work that some other lab courses, and you should be a consistent and motivated studier,
but the experiments are fun and interesting.
AS.030.227.01-02
Chemical Chirality: An Introduction in Organic Chem. Lab, Techniques
Jane Greco
Overall quality of this class: 4.55
Summary:
Students rated the instructor, the deeper understanding of chemistry lecture, and the special project as
the best aspects of this course. The long duration of labs was thought by most students to be the worst
aspect of the course. More time for the special project, and a better explanation of the processes for
each lab was suggested improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that the class
requires you to spend a fair amount of time in the lab, but the small class size and instructor attention
make it easy to succeed.
AS.030.228.01
Intermediate Organic Chemistry Laboratory
Jane Greco
Overall quality of this class: 4.10
Summary:
The variety of lab techniques and interesting experiment selections were the top rated features of this
course. Additionally, many students appreciated the opportunity to participate in a poster session.
However, many students thought expectations on assignments and the time required for labs were the
worst aspects of the course. Shorter labs and clarified expectations would improve the course.
Prospective students should know that while the class is challenging and the labs can be time
consuming, it is an interesting course overall.
AS.030.302.01
Physical Chemistry II
Harris Silverstone
Overall quality of the class: 3.20
Summary:
The section about quantum chemistry was a top rated feature of this class, as was the course material.
However, many students cited the heavy reliance on memorization rather than application of the
concepts as the worst aspect of the course. More practice exam questions and more application of
theory during lectures would improve the course. Prospective students should know that the lecture
slides are more useful than the textbook for exams, and the course requires a good deal of work.
AS.030.306.01-02
Physical Chemistry Instrumentation Laboratory II
Joel Tolman
73
CHEMISTRY
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
In this course the highlights included well planned and interesting lab experiments, helpful TAs, and a
reasonable number of lab reports. The most commonly cited negative aspect of this course was slow or
no feedback on lab reports, leaving some students to wonder how to improve. More clarity in the
expectations for lab reports and a faster turn-around time on graded work were suggested as
improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that lab reports can take a significant
amount of time, but Lab II was better overall than Lab I.
AS.030.421.01
Uses of Coordination Chemistry in Medicine
Shabnam Hematian
Overall quality of this class: 3.50
Summary:
The top features of this course include the wide range and interesting nature of the material covered,
and an approachable and organized instructor. Some students thought though interesting, the material
was challenging and difficult. The rushed nature of lectures was given near unanimous thumbs down.
Some suggested improvements were more interactive lectures, better lecture pacing, and recorded
lectures for later reference. Students interested in this course should know that the textbook and
lectures go hand in hand, and the information presented is a must for pre-med students.
AS.030.451.01
Spectroscopy
Paul Dagdigian
Overall quality of this class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.506.03
Independent Research in Organic Chemistry I
Thomas Lectka
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.526.01
Independent Research in Organic Chemistry II
Thomas Lectka
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 of fewer comments.
74
CHEMISTRY
AS.030.526.02
Independent Research in Organic Chemistry II
John Toscano
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.526.03
Independent Research in Organic Chemistry II
Marc Greenberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.614.01
Chemical-Biology Program Interface Forum II
Steven Rokita
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.615.01
Special Topics in BioInorganic Chemistry
David Goldberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.620.01
Chemical Biology II
Steven Rokita
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.622.01
Seminar: Literature of Chemistry
John Tovar
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
75
CHEMISTRY
AS.030.626.01
Advanced Mechanistic Organic Chemistry II
John Tovar
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.634.01
Topics in Bioorganic Chemistry II
Craig Townsend
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.682.01
Organic Chemistry of Nucleic Acids
Marc Greenberg
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
76
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
CIVIL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.560.141.01
Perspectives on the Evolution of Structures
Benjamin Shafer
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
Throughout this course, students grasped a practical understanding of bridge and tower design through
lectures, discussions of engineering and aesthetics of structures, and group projects. The material was
also easy to understand because of the professor, and there wasn't much work required for this course.
In addition, the professor was both knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the subject matter. The
exams required memorization, the lectures were boring at times, and homework assignments didn't
match the lectures. Also, students would have preferred an individual final project instead of a group
project. Suggestions for improvement include: more interactive lectures, new exam structure, more
cohesiveness between lectures and assignments, and shorter lectures. Non- Civil Engineering
prospective students are welcomed to enroll in this course.
EN.560.202.01-05
Dynamics
Narutoshi Nakata
Overall quality of the class: 2.70
Summary:
The work load of this class was manageable and the material was presented in a straightforward manner
by the professor. The homework was challenging, but solidified learning. Students thought that the labs
were efficient and included interesting material that could be applied to situations in the future.
However, labs consist of eight people, which made it a daunting task to make sure everyone is doing
equal amounts of work. Also, the problem solving was not covered thoroughly. Students suggested that
the professor create his own problems so that they are not the same as the ones in the textbook, that
pop quizzes be eliminated, and that lectures be more engaging. Prospective students should have taken
Physics I because this course builds upon it.
77
CIVIL ENGINEERING
EN.560.206.01
Solid Mechanics and Theory of Structures
Lori Graham Brady
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The professor for this course was great. She was skilled when it came to answering questions, clear and
organized. The homework assignments were difficult, but were good practice of lecture material. Also,
the class was small, so students were able to receive one-on-one attention from the professor.
However, midterms were too long for the time students were given to complete them, the problem
section wasn't successful, and material was sometimes repetitive. In addition, students would have liked
to see derivations of formulas during lectures, instead of just example problems. Suggestions for
improvement include: better use of the TA section, more theory, and having the homework relate to
lectures. Prospective students should have a strong background in Statistics and Mechanics.
EN.560.325.01
Structural Design II
Rachel Sangree
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the homework assignments and the professors. The homework was
great practice for students to prepare for exams and their future careers. The professor broke down
concepts well and she was always available to students outside of class. But the course was a bit
disorganized, the homework assignments were lengthy, and the progression of learning at times didn't
relate. Students suggested that this course return to two courses (Steel Design & Concrete Design), and
more flexibility with grading. Prospective students must take Structures I before enrolling in this course.
EN.560.330.01
Foundation Design
Lucas De Melo
Overall quality of the class: 3.58
Summary:
The enthusiastic professor of this course offered students insight to real world functions as opposed to
the academic world. Students were able to apply what they learned in soil mechanics to solving
foundations problems, and the final project brought together all aspects of the course. Students weren't
too fond of homework being assigned right before exams, and their homework was never returned. In
addition, students' entire grade was based on three midterms that were not curved. Suggestions for
improvement include: more practice problems, more time given on homework and a structure notes
system. Prospective students need to take Soil Mechanics before enrolling in this course.
EN.560.348.01
Probability & Statistics in Civil Engineering
Sauleh Siddique
78
CIVIL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the manageable course load, the professor, the small number of
homework assignments, and the senior option for the final exam. The weekly quizzes made sure that
students were keeping up with the material, and Matlab was used on homework. The worst aspects
were the focus on Matlab when it wasn't really covered, the lack of feedback on homework, and the
textbook without solutions. In addition, students disliked most of the lectures. Suggestions for
improvement include: two midterms instead of one, no Matlab on homework assignments, an available
TA section, and fewer lectures and quizzes. Prospective students should know that not much work will
be required of them, but they will need to study for the weekly quizzes.
79
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
CLASSICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.040.108.01
Elementary Latin
Jessica Lamont, Maren Mueller
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.040.108.02
Elementary Latin
Maren Mueller
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.040.121.01
Ancient Greek Mythology: Art, Literature, and Mythmaking
Dimitrios Yatromanolakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting lectures, the readings, and the professor. The
professor showed a clear passion for the subject matter and the class was interactive and fun. There
were trips to the Walters art gallery and modern context given to traditional myths. The worst aspects
of the course were unclear assignment instructions for the final essay and the amount of reading.
Suggestions for improvement include an organized schedule/timeline, PowerPoint presentations with
lectures, and use of Blackboard. Prospective students are not required to have prior background to
enroll in this course, but should be prepared to participate.
AS.040.142.01
Spartacus, Caesar, and Cleopatra: Notorious Characters from Roman History
80
CLASSICS
Genevieve Gessert
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
Many students enjoyed the film screenings and the interesting topics covered by the professor most.
The professor was also very engaging during lecture, and knowledgeable of the subject matter. The
course requires weekly writing and quizzes that were not ideal for some students enrolled in this course.
Some of the readings were also dense and a lot of homework was assigned. Suggestions for
improvement include: in class participation instead of online, feedback on writing, and less work
assigned outside of class. Prospective students should be prepared for lots of reading and writing.
AS.040.208.01
Intermediate Latin
Timothy Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Many students enjoyed translating and reading Virgil's Aeneid, especially reading aloud in meter much
the way it would have originally been transcribed. The assignments were also clear and manageable.
Many students felt like the course was rushed and more time should have been spent on grammar.
Better structure, more focus on grammar, and weekly quizzes were suggested for improvement of the
quality of this course. Prospective students should be strong in Latin grammar.
AS.040.218.01
Celebration and Performance in Early Greece
Emily Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the excellent professor, lectures, and quality of the course. The
class size is small and the professor taught students how to analyze ancient culture through
archaeological evidence and theory. Many students agreed that the class meeting time was too early
and snow days prevented them from covering all topics. Suggestions for improvement include: a later
meeting time and a relation of ancient events to today's world. Prospective students should be willing to
do a great amount of reading in order to grasp the material.
AS.040.366.01
The Archaeology of Ancient Cyprus: Investigating a Mediterranean Island
Emily Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Many students agreed that the professor inspires her students to learn more about the subject matter.
The course is heavily based upon discussion and a great amount of time is spent working in the
81
CLASSICS
museum. Students appreciated the opportunity to sit in front of the art works while discussing them.
The worst aspect of this course was the amount of reading. Suggestions for improvement include
posting grades on Blackboard and elimination of using the Writing Center for papers. This course is
perfect for ancient history lovers and Archaeology majors. Prospective students should be able to stay
on top of readings.
82
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
COGNITIVE SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.050.102.01
Language and Mind
Akira Omaki
Overall quality of the class: 4.02
Summary:
Many students agreed that the lectures and course material were the best aspects about this course.
Students found the lectures appealing and the professor great and organized. Homework assignments
aligned with exams and there were extra credit opportunities. The worst aspect of this course was it
being early in the morning. Students also found it annoying that homework assignments were weighted
so heavily. Suggestions for improvement include grading homework more leniently, changing the course
time, and more variety in assignments such as research or projects. Prospective students should know
that this class does not require prior knowledge.
AS.050.315.01
Cognitive Neuropsychology of Visual Perception: The Malfunctioning Visual Brain
Michael McCloskey
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
Many of the students enrolled in this course enjoyed the interesting lectures from the professor.
According to the students, the professor had a great sense of humor and he was engaging. In addition,
one of the professor's patients came to one of the classes to discuss his disorder, and many students
found this helpful. A heavy amount of reading was required for this course, which was seen as tedious
and dense by students. Also, the quizzes were often difficult and unfair because of how heavily they
were weighted. Students suggested that readings be condensed and curving the classes' grades would
improve the quality of the course. Prospective students should make sure they are comfortable with
large amounts of reading.
AS.050.320.01
Syntax I
83
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
Geraldine Legendre
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the helpful handouts prepared by the professor, the class material
and the professor's genuine personality. The handouts assisted students with their understanding of
concepts and questions were always answered to the best of the professor's ability. Students said that
the professor moved through rather dense material quickly, which left no time for review. Suggestions
for improvement include: in-depth review of concepts, more tree diagrams and more clarity on
expectations. Students seeking a challenge and an opportunity to put their creativity to the test should
enroll in this course.
AS.050.325.01
Phonology I
Christo Kirov
Overall quality of the class: 3.61
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course found that the morphological analysis was a good application of
logic, and that the recitation each week allowed students to review concepts that were not understood
before. Students also liked that this course only required one day of class meeting. However, the class
lasted for two and a half hours and lectures were often boring. Students suggested that either the
course meet twice a week or meet for a shorter time period to improve the quality. They also suggested
more specificity from the professor when it comes to homework assignments. Prospective students
should have some background in linguistics.
AS.050.326.01
Foundations In Cognitive Science
Paul Smolensky
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
Students who are interested in a course that is discussion-based are recommended to enroll.
Discussions are described as "eye-opening," "thought-provoking," and "interactive." Students are
encouraged to voice their opinions and the course useful for building an understanding of cognitive
science. However, the readings required were long and students found it difficult to complete them for
Wednesday classes because of the short time frame. It was suggested by students that the course meet
twice a week but on Monday and Thursdays or Mondays and Fridays to give them more time to
complete their work. Prospective students should know that completing the readings is fundamental to
their success during the course.
AS.050.339.01
Cognitive Development
Julia Yarmolinskaya
84
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
This course includes great structure, interesting topics, and semi-weekly discussion posts that made it
intriguing to students. Throughout this course, students learned how learning and cognitive
development at an early age effect humans for the rest of their lives. Video clips were also shown to
exhibit theories that were discussed. However, the three hour long classes made it difficult for many
students to remain focused and the lectures were boring sometimes. Suggestions for improvement
include: meeting twice a week for a shorter period of time, more engaging lectures, and making
homework foreshadow exam questions. Prospective students should know that it is important to attend
lectures because information that is not including on the slideshow is discussed.
85
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
COMPUTER SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.600.104.01
Computer Ethics
Sheela Kosaraju
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the in-class discussions about the subject matter. Many students
agreed that they learned a great amount by both talking and listening. The 1-credit course actually
corresponded to the work load and the professor was "chill." But, some students said that they felt it
was pointless to go to class because they weren't learning anything. Also, the professor was tardy all the
time and there were only about six classes. To improve this course, it was suggested that the final essay
topic have more guidelines, that there be more classes but shorter class periods, and that there be more
feedback and homework given. Prospective students would be happy to know that this course pairs
perfectly with a heavy schedule.
EN.600.107.01
Introductory Programming in Java
Benjamin Mitchell
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
This course was a great introduction to many programming concepts and the homework supplemented
the information being taught. The hands-on learning was easier to grasp than lecture, and the TAs
opened up a tremendous part of their schedules for office hours. The weekly assignments might've been
helpful, but they were also daunting and some students spent six hours or more completing them. In
addition, tests and homework didn't correlate well and at times lectures were boring and too fast paced.
Suggestions for improvement include: a more interactive class, consistent amounts of work, and
meeting three times a week for 50 minutes. Prospective students should be able to dedicate a lot of
their time to this course.
EN.600.108.01-03
86
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Introductory Programming Lab
Benjamin Mitchell
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
During this course, students were able to use what they learned about programming in lab to complete
homework assignments. TAs were readily available for students to approach them about questions and
concerns, and the class environment was very relaxed and supportive. Course grades were based on
attendance, so students didn't feel pressured to complete assignments under strict deadlines. However,
the class was three hours long on Friday afternoons, the learning curve was often steep and
overwhelming, and lab instructions were unclear. It was suggested that the class meet three times a
week for 50 minutes, the course include mini lessons before lab, lab partners be picked by students and
slightly easier programming. Prospective students should be aware that they will be assigned a lab
partner.
EN.600.120.01-02
Intermediate Programming
Yair Amir
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course agreed that they learned and improved upon their work in
programming language, specifically in C and C++. The instructor made sure that he gave students tons of
sample codes to start out with and the TAs were extremely helpful. Many students walked away with
more confidence in programming. But the material was difficult to comprehend at times and the work
load was very heavy. In addition, program instructions were often vague. Suggestions for improvement
include: consistent feedback, more small assignments, and more clarity for assignments and projects.
Prospective students should expect a lot of work but also will improve dramatically.
EN.600.120.03
Introductory Programming in Java
Yair Amir, Robert Dipiertro
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
This course was a crash course of C and C++ and in the short span of 13 weeks, many students saw their
skills improve. The course was challenging and filled with material, but students really learned from it
and they were forced to think at a higher level. The TAs were extremely instrumental in students'
progress and also guided them along with their glitches and developing their programs. As mentioned
before, the course was very difficult and the specificity in design documents was annoying. The course
was also time consuming and geared at a very fast pace. It was suggested by students that more time be
allotted to every aspect of this course, that there be a decrease in enrollment and that there be better
guidelines for assignments.
EN.600.226.01-03
87
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Data Structures
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
Many students felt that the professor was an excellent lecturer and they enjoyed the projects required
from them. They thought that this was a comprehensive approach to learning and allowed students to
connect with others from their major. Also, the TA and instructor promptly responded to students'
questions and comments. In addition, the instructor hands out notes for the entire semester at the
beginning. The amount of work students had thrown upon them was stressful, but seemed to be worth
the 4 credits. Suggestions for improvement include: a grading rubric for assignments, more TAs/CAs
available, smaller class size, and more time spent on projects. Prospective students should have some
background in Java.
EN.600.250.01
User Interfaces and Mobile Applications
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the class: 3.58
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that students learned how to code Android applications completely
from scratch. Students were able to choose their own final project and work in groups. Also, the
provided materials for UI testing were very convenient, and evaluating other people's designs was good
practice. However, many students felt that the professor was ineffective and that they didn't learn
anything. In addition, the course lacked structure and the beginning parts of the class were very difficult.
It was suggested by students that the time spent on design reviews be limited, that there be more
guidance during the final project, and that more time be spent on Android coding. Prospective students
should make sure they have Java down and are able to teach themselves concepts.
EN.600.271.01
Automata and Computation Theory
Stephen Chekaway
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course found the subject matter to be interesting and the textbook very
helpful. Quizzes reinforced knowledge of material, and problem sets and exercises were good practice.
The professor never made problems too challenging for the level of his students and he thoroughly
explained the theory of computation. Students hoped for more TA involvement and for the quizzes to be
more straightforward and fair. Suggestions for improvement include: the removal of LaTeX and quizzes,
and more feedback from the instructor. Prospective students should be aware that programming is not
involved in this course.
EN.600.316.01
Database Systems
88
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Yanif Ahmad
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.318.01
Operating Systems
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the hands-on programming assignments, reading through the
entire source code of an OS, and the deep understanding and knowledge gained through the class.
Students mentioned weekly projects with a partner were an efficient way to learn and retain
knowledge. The worst aspects of the course were the amount of documentation to read weekly, the lack
of feedback on graded assignments, and the frustrating debugging. The workload for the course is high
and the time for many assignments can be overwhelming at times. Suggestions to improve the course
included having a better textbook that was connected to the lectures, feedback on graded assignments,
and a more balanced assignment schedule. Prospective students should have a firm background in C and
programming in general, and be ready for the jump from 200 to 300 level classes. This class is
challenging and requires a lot of time and effort, but is highly recommended.
EN.600.320.01
Parallel Programming
Randal Burns
Overall quality of the class: 3.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the exposure to several programming languages, the interesting
and engaging assignments, and the practical and immediate nature of the information. Many students
commented specifically on gaining hands-on experience in parallel programming. The worst aspects of
the course were disorganized lectures and schedule, the ambiguous assignments, and the constantly
shifting deadlines. Suggestions for improving the course included having a better structure and schedule
of lectures and assignments, and have more lab based classes as opposed to lectures. Prospective
students should have a solid knowledge of common programming languages and expect to work on
various platforms. The workload is typical for a CS class.
EN.600.325.01
Declarative Methods
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
89
COMPUTER SCIENCE
The highlights from this class were the enthusiastic and knowledgeable instructor, the fascinating
lectures, and the comprehensive nature of the material presented. The assignments were challenging
and gave good experience in bash scripting. The worst aspects of the course were the heavy writing
requirement, the sometimes confusing programming assignment descriptions, and the sheer amount of
work. Suggestions to improve the course included assigning a better textbook, better organized
assignment descriptions, including Bayesian networks, and additional scaffolding. Prospective students
should know this course requires a lot of time and work, but is very interesting and highly
recommended.
EN.600.344.01
Computer Network Fundamentals
Antonio DeSimone
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the relevant and useful lectures, the light workload, and the practical
and current material. Many aspects of networking and how various devices connect and communicate
over the internet were covered. The worst aspects of the course were the amount of material covered,
the lack of any hands on work, and dry lectures. Suggestions to improve the course included more
practical application of the theoretical techniques, having a lab for the class, or more in class
demonstrations. Prospective students should know there is no coding in this class, the workload is light,
and the material can be dry unless you really love the internet.
EN.600.355.01
Video Game Design Project
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
This class was highlighted by the chance for the students to create a video game from start to finish. The
class collaborated with students from MICA, giving them a chance to work in a real-world setting and
allowing the students to drive the project and tackle problem solving. However, the class was
disorganized, often started late, and there was no feedback on grades at all. Some students thought the
instructors used the class being newly offered as an excuse for poor planning. Suggested improvements
to the class were to shorten the time spent on the board game, more organized professors, and more
feedback. Prospective students should be familiar with UNITY, and comfortable working in groups.
Establish a realistic timeline and reliable communication early.
EN.600.363.01
Introduction To Algorithms
Vladimir Braverman
Overall summary of the class: 3.87
Summary:
90
COMPUTER SCIENCE
This course gave a thorough introduction to algorithms, made students think differently about potential
solutions, and was taught by a well-organized, knowledgeable and engaging instructor. The worst
aspects of the course were the difficult assignments, lack of more rigorous proofs, and the early time of
the class. Suggestions to improve the class included speeding up the pace at the start of the semester,
covering more formal proofs, and review sessions related to the homework. Prospective students should
be comfortable with LaTeX, proofs, and discrete math. The workload is high (as with most math classes)
but the class is challenging and very useful.
EN.600.402.01
Medical Informatics
Harold Lehmann
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the interesting small group discussions, the fascinating lectures, and
seeing programming knowledge applied to real life. Many students appreciated the broad introduction
to the field this class provided. The worst aspects of the course were the unorganized feel of the
assignments and schedule, and that it only lasted four weeks. Suggestions for improving the course
included having a brief introduction at the start of the course to cover engineering concepts,
incorporating more applications, and more interesting assignments. Students interested in this course
should know this is a low stress but interesting course that is based more on concepts than applications.
EN.600.411.01
Computer Science Innovation & Entrepreneurship II
Lawrence Aronhime, Anton Dahbura
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.416.01
Database Systems
Yanif Ahmad
Overall quality of the class: 3.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.418.01
Operating Systems
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.420.01
91
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Parallel Programming
Randal Burns
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The highlights from this class were the broad but comprehensive overview of the topic, fun and useful
projects, and the applied nature of the information. Most students felt strongly that what they were
learning in the class was immediately applicable and very important. The worst aspects of the course
were the disorganized lectures, unclear homework instructions, and the lack of communication from the
instructor. Suggestions to improve the class included giving more detailed instruction for assignments,
better organization of the class time and schedule, and better communication from the instructor and
TA. Students interested in the class should have a background in programming languages, and the
information is useful and interesting.
EN.600.424.01
Network Security
Seth Nielson
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The highlight of this class was the PLAYGROUND project  a virtual network where the students had to
develop security protocol, then defend against attacks and attack others. The combination of concept
based lecture and hands on projects worked well for most students. The worst aspect of the class was
the workload which was weighted toward the start of the semester. Suggestions for improvement
included making the PLAYGROUND more stable to avoid bugs and more network attack assignments.
Students interested in this course should know basic cryptology, PYTHON, and UNIX. This class is highly
recommended as one of the best security classes available.
EN.600.425.01
Declarative Methods
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.426.01
Principles of Programming Languages
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of the class were the interesting material, the homework that clearly reinforced the
lectures, and learning the ins and outs of programming languages. The workload and difficulty of some
homework was the worst aspect of the course. Some suggestions for improving the course included
92
COMPUTER SCIENCE
covering more homotopy-type theory, replacing oCaml with Haskell, and lecture slides rather than a
whiteboard. Prospective students should have some background in programming, start homework early,
and be able to work well in groups.
EN.600.430.01
Ontologies and Knowledge Representation
Robert Rynasiewicz
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.435.01
Artificial Intelligence
Benjamin Mitchell
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.436.01
Algorithms for Sensor-Based Robotics
Gregory Hager
Overall quality of the class: 3.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting topics covered, the very cool software, and the
introduction to kinematics. The class is about robotics, which is pretty cool regardless of the format. The
worst aspects of the course was the disconnect between the theoretical lectures and the practical
homework. Many students thought this led to overly complicated homework. Some suggestions for
improvement included more exam review sessions, more interaction in class, and more instruction in
RoS. Prospective students should have a strong programming and linear algebra background. The class is
interesting and fun, but a good deal of work.
EN.600.444.01
Computer Networks
Antonio DeSimone
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.446.01
Computer Integrated Surgery II
Russell Taylor
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
93
COMPUTER SCIENCE
This class features independent research, hands-on experience of the industry, and choosing then
working on an independent project for the semester. The worst aspects of the class were the vagrancies
of the project depending on the mentor, the lack of much instruction from Dr. Taylor, and the possibility
of major technical delays depending on the particular project. Suggestions for improving the class
included more clarity with regards to grading and specifications for assignments and presentations, and
more one-on-one meetings early in the semester so teams know they are on the right track. Prospective
students should be able to work independently and stick to a self-directed schedule. This class has a high
workload but is recommended.
EN.600.454.01
Practical Cryptographic Systems
Matthew Green
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the knowledgeable and engaging instructor, the inclusion of current
events in the security world, and the emphasis on systems used in the real world. Many students made
note of Dr. Green's firsthand experience with the systems he teaches and his ability to frame lectures
around news of the day, making the class seem more relevant and immediately applicable. The worst
aspects of the class were the classes cancelled due to weather or illness, the lack of much
communication from the instructor, and the different experience levels in the class. Suggestions for
improving the class included having more frequent smaller assignments, better feedback in regards to
grades, and more organization around assignments and exams. Prospective students should have some
familiarity with cryptology and programming, and will need to do additional research and reading to stay
abreast of events in the security world. This class and instructor are highly recommended.
EN.600.463.01
Algorithms I
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the thorough and interesting introduction to theory and
algorithms, the textbook was helpful, and the caring and engaged instructor. Many students felt
encouraged to pursue theoretical computer science research. The worst aspects of the class were the
inconsistent grading systems for homework, the lack of any formal proof work in class, and the
disconnect between the lectures and the homework. Suggestions to improve the class included using
PowerPoint more for lectures, more practical examples in class, and some additional study materials for
things like data structures. Prospective students should have a good background in data structures, read
the textbook, and be ready for fun.
EN.600.466.01
Information Retrieval and Web Agents
David Yarowsky
94
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this class include the assignments that are programming heavy, the insightful
techniques, and material that is useful and can work in portfolios. Many students found the lectures
confusing and hard to follow, and thought there were too few opportunities for graded work.
Suggestions for improving the course were to label the slides and make them available before lecture
and give several smaller assignments rather than four large assignments. Prospective students should be
familiar with pearl and some HTTP. The workload is dependent on your previous knowledge, but the
class is useful and recommended.
EN.600.468.01
Machine Translation
Adam Lopez, Matthew Post
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
The best aspects of the class were the challenging but not overwhelming assignments, the freedom to
try novel approaches to problems, and the availability and knowledge of the instructors and TA.
Students appreciated the balance in the class of concepts that had to be covered and independence to
try solutions that may fail. The worst aspects of the class were the inconsistently available readings in
advance of class, and the domination of one student during discussions  something that many students
would have liked the instructors to moderate more than they did. Some suggestions for improving the
course included have some short problem sets or quizzes in addition to the open ended problems, and a
more consistently updated syllabus. Prospective students should be familiar with NLP, and be willing to
make some mistakes. This class is highly recommended.
EN.600.475.01
Machine Learning
Mark Dredze
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the interesting material covered, homework and projects that
reinforced the topics from lectures, and a knowledgeable and effective instructor. The mix of writing
and code, along with the real world applicability of the assignments was appreciated by most students.
The worst aspects of the course were the heavy reliance on guest lectures leading to some
inconsistencies, the midterm was very difficult, and the workload is quite high. Some suggestions to
improve the course included returning to the no-midterm version of the course, more feedback on
homework, and having some real data practice. Prospective students should know that the workload for
this class is very heavy, you should have a strong understanding of Java, linear algebra, calculus,
probability, and statistics.
EN.600.636.01
Algorithms for Sensor-Based Robotics
Gregory Hager
95
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
During this course, students learned about the different methods of planning. The material was
interesting and tangible, and the instructor was very responsive to questions. However, homework
assignments were not graded until the end of the semester and many students disliked the assignments.
In class, tons of algorithms were covered, but they were barely present on homework assignments.
Suggestions for improvement include: better and timelier feedback, new homework assignments, more
explanation of ROS, and focus on some structured programming. Prospective students should be
proficient in C++.
EN.600.643.01
Advanced Topics in Computer Security
Aviel Rubin
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course enjoyed learning from their peers who were
knowledgeable about the topics rather than reading about it. They also appreciated the growth they
saw in their presentation and critical analysis skills. In addition, students were able to create their own
assignments while learning about various aspects of security. But feedback was fairly light, and some
assignments were a bit too complicated to understand by peers. To improve this course, it was
suggested that the instructor provide feedback following presentations and that expectations be laid out
during the first week. Prospective students should be interested in a research oriented course.
EN.600.646.01
Computer Integrated Surgery II
Russell Taylor
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Many students agreed that this course was an excellent way to kick off graduate research and that it
prepared them for the real world. Through a variety presentations and feedback from their instructor,
students were able to maximize their potential and work on their team work skills. At times the work
load was heavy, and it was difficult to correctly quantify the complexity of projects between students. It
was suggested that there be more discussions, and prospective students should be interested in doing
independent research.
EN.600.659.01
Introduction to Computational Geometry
Michael Kazhdan
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
96
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.692.01
Advanced Topics in Machine Learning: Modeling Segmentation of Multivariate
Rene Vidal
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course said that the instructor presented ideas clearly and was
knowledgeable of material. The course emphasized theory and there was also some practical
implementation on Matlab. However, homework assignments became demanding and challenging, and
feedback was non-existent. Also, the TA was not helpful and a background in linear algebra was needed
for success. Suggestions for improvement include: a better TA, a decrease of workload, a review of
homework, and an availability of course materials. Prospective students should know that the course
requires a lot of work that is not labeled on the syllabus.
EN.600.707.01
Selected Topics in CS Education
Ann Irvine, Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.765.01
Selected Topics in Natural Language Processing
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.771.01
Probability on Strings, Trees, and Sequences
Adam Lopez
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.775.01
Selected Topics in Machine Learning
Raman Arora, Mark Dredze, Jason Eisner, Sanjeev Khudanpur, Carey Priebe, Suchi Saria
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
97
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
EARTH AND PLANETARY SYSTEMS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.270.110.01
Freshman Seminar: Sustainable + Non-Sustainable Resources
Dimitri Sverjensky
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The highlights of this course are the seminar style, open discussions, and the material presented. The
instructor is enthusiastic about the subject but still approachable. Students learned a great deal on a
wide variety of natural resources and the impending energy crisis. Some students thought the grading
rubrics were unclear, and that there was more work than expected for a one credit course. Some
possible improvements suggested were more clarity and feedback regarding grades, and more of the
instructors accumulated knowledge in relation to the readings. Prospective students should know that
class participation is a large part of your grade, and if you are interested in issues of sustainability you
will enjoy this course.
AS.270.113.01
Freshman Seminar: Environmental Poisons
Dimitri Sverjensky
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The topics covered were intriguing, and the information covered was focused and in-depth. Group
projects were a good way for students to learn more about specific metals. Even those without a science
background found the class interesting. However, many of the readings were dry, and the expectations
for class presentations were unclear. Varying the readings, the assignments, and opening up the
discussion would improve the class. Students interested in this course should know this is an interesting
one-credit science course, and the information may change your view on the environment.
AS.270.114.01
Guided Tour: The Planets
Bruce Marsh, Darrell Strobel
98
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
Overall quality of the class: 3.32
Summary:
Most students agreed that the best aspect of this class is the material presented. Dr. Marsh is cited as
being an engaging and humorous presenter, with a wealth of stories and experiences. The workload was
low, and the focus is space...the final frontier. Some students thought having only three exams make up
the final grade was the worst aspect of the course. Additionally, many people found that Dr. Strobel,
though knowledgeable, was a dry presenter. To improve the course, many students suggested more
opportunities for graded work. Prospective students should know that Dr. Marsh has retired, and many
think the course will not be the same without him. This is not an easy A, but well worth the effort.
AS.270.224.01
Oceans & Atmospheres
Anand Gnanadesikan, Thomas Haine
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Exciting material and enthusiastic instructors were the highlights of this course. Much of the information
has real-world applications, and the class presents a good overview of what is available from the Earth
and Planetary Sciences department. The instructors were willing and available to help students fully
comprehend the material. However, many students were dismayed by the assumed level of
mathematics and physics knowledge, while others felt that too much time was wasted explaining these
concepts. Some suggested improvements included clarifying the course description and having more in-
class experiments. Students interested in the course should know that though it helps to have some
background in physics and math, the material is fascinating and this is a great introduction to earth
sciences.
AS.270.315.01
Natural Catastrophes
Peter Olson
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the material presented, the small class size, and the instructor's
passion for the subject. The instructor brought in volcanic rocks to better explain the segment on
volcanos, and overall explained things in an intuitive way. The final project was quite time consuming,
which many agreed was the worst aspect of the course. Some improvements suggested were to include
more readings to supplement the lecture information, and give a bit more guidance to the final project.
Students interested in the class should know their grade is based on two exams and a project, and you
should have some knowledge of physics and statistics. This course is highly recommended to
prospective students.
AS.270.323.01
Ocean Biogeochemical Cycles
Anand Gnanadesikan
99
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
Many of the students enrolled in this class appreciated the value of the information presented and the
material was conceptually interesting. The professor was always highly ranked because of both his
knowledge and enthusiasm. In addition, a wide range of concepts were introduced. But, grading took a
long time and the computer programming aspect of the course was pretty tough. Suggestions for
improvement include having a TA, a review of Matlab, and more frequent but shorter homework
assignments. Prospective students should use the professor's office hours as a helpful resource.
AS.270.330.01
Atmospheric Chemistry
Richard Stolarski
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
The knowledge, experience, and enthusiasm of the instructor for an interesting topic were the best
aspects of this course. Conversation and discussion are interwoven with the lecture, and students felt
they learned a great deal about a subject many knew little about. Many students thought the use of
PowerPoint rather than writing on the chalk board when explaining equations was the worst aspect of
this course. More frequent homework was suggested as an improvement to the course. Prospective
students should know that a background in chemistry is assumed by the instructor, and this instructor
wants to see his students succeed.
AS.270.332.01
Soil Ecology
Katalin Szlavecz
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The highlight of this course was unanimously the hands-on field work. Digging in the dirt on a Friday
afternoon will always win, whether in kindergarten or university. However, many students thought the
expectations for and number of lab reports was the worst aspect of the course. Suggested
improvements include clarified expectations and a kinder, more supportive instructor. This is a fun and
interesting, though challenging course. Prospective students should know that you will have to work
hard to enjoy playing in the mud.
AS.271.107.01
Introduction to Sustainability
Cindy Parker
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
100
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
The highlights of this course include the dynamic and timely material presented, the engaging and
knowledgeable instructor, and the wide range of topics covered. This course was a good introduction to
the field of sustainability. The instructor made sure she was available to help students who were
struggling and provided various grade opportunities. Many students found the clicker quizzes, the
amount of material covered, and the time needed to complete many assignments were the worst
aspects of the course. Some suggested improvements to the course were fewer quizzes and more in-
depth information. A student interested in this course should know that the workload and grading is
fair. Additionally, the material can be depressing at times, but is relevant and important.
AS.271.360.01
Climate Change: Science & Policy
Darryn Waugh
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
Summary:
Students thought the best aspects of this course included the topics covered, the light workload, and the
group project. Students had the opportunity to work in groups and develop either technological or
policy solutions to the problems discussed in class. Readings were helpful and enhanced the lectures.
Many students thought that the presentation style of the instructor and the lack of incentive to attend
lectures were the worst aspects of the course. Some students also felt they did not receive adequate
feedback on written work. More interactive lectures, more guest speakers, and a smaller class size were
some suggestions for improvements. Prospective students should know that there is more science than
policy presented, but overall this is an informational course with a light workload.
AS.271.401.01
Environmental Ethics
Alexios Monopolis
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
There are many highlights cited by students from this course. A few include classes held outside or as
hikes when possible, the small class size, an engaged and dynamic instructor, and discussions that forced
intellectual and ethical self-questioning. Most students found no fault with the course, though a few
thought having so few graded assignments made it difficult to gauge success. Some suggestions for
improvements included more readings prior to discussions, meeting more often, and creating a 300
level course to follow this course. This course is highly recommended to all students, regardless of earth
science background. Prospective students should know that many students thought this was by far the
best course they had taken.
AS.271.403.01
Environmental Policymaking and Policy Analysis
Helen Serassio, Rhey Solomon
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
101
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
EAST ASIAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.310.103.01
Modern Japan - 1800 to the Present
Adam Bronson
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the material, the engaging and easy to follow lectures, and the
instructor's knowledge and enthusiasm for the subject. Dr. Bronson connected historical events to
modern events to show the big picture. Some students found the TA sections to be the worst aspect of
the course. Smaller class size and more interactive sections were some suggested improvements to the
course. Prospective students should know that this is an interesting overview of the history of a region,
with a manageable workload.
AS.310.116.01
Romantic Love in Chinese Literature
Fumiko Joo
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.310.214.01
Empire and Hierarchy in East Asia
Jiamin Karyn Wang
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.310.303.01
A World Upturned: Cultures of Catastrophe in Japan
Ryan Sayre
102
EAST ASIAN
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
This course included insightful and interesting readings, an engaged and knowledgeable instructor, and
challenged students to think subjectively and abstractly. Most students agreed that the open discussion
format of the class was the best aspect. The changing syllabus was the worst aspect of the course. Some
suggested improvements were meeting once per week rather than twice, and changing the designation
to writing intensive. Prospective students should know that the course will challenge you to think
abstractly, and is a rewarding course to take.
AS.310.304.01
The Architectonics of Tokyo: The Anthropology of City Life in Japan and Abroad
Ryan Sayr
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The instructor is passionate, engaged, and presented interesting material in innovative and exciting
ways. Most students agreed that while the material was inherently interesting, the instructor was the
highlight of this course. There is a good deal of writing for the course, and many students found the
open nature of the writing topics the worst aspect of the course. The course would be improved with
more writing workshops. Prospective students should know that while there will be a lot of required
writing, the course and instructor will challenge your view of the world.
AS.310.306.01
Domestic Politics of Contemporary China
Yi Yang
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting subject material, the range of topics covered, and
the timely nature of the information. The instructor brought his personal experience to many of the
lectures. Many students felt that the current events presentations were not useful, and that some of the
lectures were dry or repetitive. More time for discussion or interaction during lectures was the most
common suggestion for improving the course. Prospective students do not need a background in
Chinese history, and the workload is reasonable.
103
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
ECONOMICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.180.102.01-05; 07-10; 12; 14-16; 18; 20-24
Elements of Microeconomics
Bruce Hamilton
Overall quality of the class: 3.26
Summary:
Students rated the interesting lectures, logically organized flow of topics, and no weekly homework as
the top features of this course. Many students thought the sheer size of the lecture and the dependence
on having a good TA to succeed were the worst aspects of the class. There were several students who
rated harsh grading and over-reliance on two exams for the final grade as detractors from the course.
Suggested improvements included using PowerPoints for the lectures, making more practice exams or
problem sets available for studying, and using a different textbook. Prospective students should know
that the course can be difficult if you do not have previous microeconomics experience, but the subject
matter is interesting and accessible with some effort.
AS.180.171.01
Topics in Political Economy
Leyla Karakas
Overall quality of the class: 2.96
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material presented and the freedom students had
to design their final project. However, many students thought the course did not match the description
in ISIS or on the instructor's syllabus, and found that the course was heavier on the quantitative material
than the qualitative. Additionally, though participation was a graded component, the lack of
participation opportunities was cited often as one of the worst aspects of the course. Suggested
improvements centered on changing the course description to match the material presented, and
offering more opportunities for exam practice. Students interested in this course should know that this
was not a theoretical discussion class, and having familiarity with mathematical models is necessary.
AS.180.203.01
104
ECONOMICS
Faculty Research in Economics
Bruce Hamilton
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The professor of this course provided intellectually stimulating presentations and guest speakers that
pertained to research in economics. Students were not required to do any written work; they just
needed to show up to class and listen. Some of the lecturers gave confusing lectures, and some of the
topics were too advanced for the students. It was felt that a background in econometrics was needed in
order to grasp all of the components of this course. Suggestions for improvement include: a brief
overview of econometrics, the use of less jargon by lecturers, and a question segment following
presentations. Prospective students should enroll in this course if they want to develop a better
understanding of Economics.
AS.180.242.01
International Monetary Economics
Olivier Jeanne
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
In this course students learned how currency works in a clear and concise way. The homework
assignments were helpful to students and the professor was very knowledgeable and funny. Many
students enjoyed the lectures and the slideshow presentations as well. The grading policy became
confusing during the course, and some students thought the professor was boring and dull. The TA
system was also a barrier students faced. It was suggested by students that the TA's be more attentive
and involved, and that there be more hands-on work available. Prospective students should be ready to
study in order to do well.
AS.180.252.01
Economics of Discrimination
Barbara Morgan
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the intuitive material, the caring professor, and the discussions.
Students learned so much about current events and issues related to discrimination in Economics.
Students said that the professor truly cared about her students and tried to become acquainted with her
students. The weekly responses and the midterm exam were the worst aspects of this course.
Expectations were not fully explained for the midterm and the weekly responses were annoying for
many students. A more structured grading system, a reduction in responses, and a bit more feedback
about graded assignments would improve the quality of this course. Prospective students do not need
an Economics background to enroll.
AS.180.266.01
Financial Markets and Institutions
105
ECONOMICS
Jon Faust
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Students enrolled in this course deemed it informative and well organized. Many students agreed that
the professor presented relevant material and the quizzes and problem sets were fairly easy. Real world
knowledge was also gained by completing this course. Students complained that lectures felt long and
that TA's were not readily available. To improve this course it was suggested that more practice and
study guides be made available, more interactive lectures be performed, and shorter slideshows be
shown. Prospective students would like to know that the workload is light and grading is fair.
AS.180.276.01
Economics of the Internet
Lucia Tiererova
Overall quality of the class: 3.29
Summary:
This course allowed students to lead presentations and offered them interesting content and reading
material. Many students enjoyed the lecture topics and felt that the professor was very knowledgeable
about the subject matter. However, the long lectures led to students being on their phones for two out
of the three hours. The workload and grading rubric were also aspects of the course that left students
unhappy. To improve this class it was suggested that there be shorter classes, more clarification on
homework assignment expectations, and greater discussion of the readings. Prospective students should
be ready to take on a heavy workload and know that the course focuses more on economic theory than
business and finance.
AS.180.302.01-04
Macroeconomic Theory
John Driscoll
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
By far students rated the instructor as the best aspect of this course. Additionally, many found the
subject of interest and the instructor's real world experience valuable. Many students thought the
weight of the exams for the final grade and the textbook were the worst aspects of the course. More
helpful review notes and shorter lectures were the most commonly suggested improvements.
Prospective students should know that the course is challenging, but if you stay on top of the material
and attend office hours you will do well.
AS.180.302.03
Macroeconomic Theory
Laurence Ball, John Driscoll
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
106
ECONOMICS
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the availability of previous tests as study guides. The worst aspect
was the weight that the exams carried toward the final grade. Many students also cited their TA as
unhelpful. Some suggestions for improvement were better TA's and class review sheets available on
BlackBoard. Prospective students should know that this is a challenging subject, but was more enjoyable
than its counterpart, microeconomics.
AS.180.334.01-02
Econometrics
Jorge Balat
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
Students overwhelmingly declared the TA for this course the best aspect of the course. The interesting
subject matter and hands-on learning were favorites as well. The lecture style of the instructor and the
number of problem sets were rated as the worst aspects of this course. Breaking up the problem sets
and having more comprehensive test prep were mentioned as some possible improvements to the
course. Prospective students should have a firm grasp on probability and statistics, and be ready for a
difficult class.
AS.180.336.01
Economic Forecasting
Robert Barbera
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The focus on current events and the synthesis of concepts from micro and macroeconomics were the
highlights of this course. Many students thought the difficulty of the subject and often unclear
expectations for written assignments were the worst aspects of the course. More guidance for exams
and written assignments was the most suggested improvement. Prospective students should know this
is a difficult course, and you will need to keep up to date on the daily economic news.
AS.180.351.01
Labor Economics
Yuya Takahashi
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The instructor for this course, Dr. Takahashi, was given a near unanimous vote for the best aspect of this
course. Other favorites included the clear and comprehensive lecture slides and interesting subject
material. Students were split regarding the worst aspects of the course, and many could find no fault.
The discussion papers were cited most often as student's least favorite component. Making
Econometrics a pre-requisite was one suggested improvement. Prospective students should know that
having working knowledge of STATA is useful, and Dr. Takahashi is a highly recommended instructor.
107
ECONOMICS
AS.180.368.01
Managerial Economics and Business Strategy
J. Knapp
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The hands-on learning through a semester long real world business simulation was by far the highest
rated aspect of this course. Students thought that the instructor excelled at tying education and practice
together. Slow return of graded work, as well as relying on sometimes unreliable group members was
the worst aspects of this course. Most students felt the course could be improved by returning work
more quickly and having some relevant reading material. Prospective students should know that it is
helpful to have a background in finance. This course is challenging and fun.
AS.180.371.01
Industrial Organization
Elena Krasnokutskaya
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the clear and well organized notes, interesting and applicable
material, and the effective instructor. The sometimes overwhelming amount of math and occasional
repetitiveness of the lectures were the worst aspects of the course. Additional practice sets and more
emphasis on theory were both suggested improvements. Prospective students should have a firm
understanding of calculus and know that the course is challenging by rewarding.
AS.180.385.01
Evolution and Economics
Anton Korinek
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
This course is highlighted by an engaging and enlightening instructor, and very cool topics. Many
students thought the long class period was a negative, along with the advanced math without a math
prerequisite. More study materials or a textbook were suggestions for improving the course.
Prospective students should know that while the course can be challenging, the topic is interesting and
the instructor is approachable and invested in his students.
AS.180.389.01
Social Policy Implications of Behavioral Economics
Nick Papageorge
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
108
ECONOMICS
The readings, writing assignments, and the intellectual challenge were cited by students as the best
aspects of this course. Some students thought the difficulty of the concepts introduced and the related
readings were the worst aspects of the course. More feedback and guidance for the policy papers was
suggested as a possible improvement. Students interested in the course should know that it comes
highly recommended from students for the material covered and the intellectual challenge it offers.
AS.180.390.01
Health Economics & Developing Countries
Mark Gersovitz
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The highest rated aspect of the class is the independent structure of the learning. Students thought
choosing their own subject to focus the semester long paper on made them feel more invested in the
course. However, this led to disorganized class meetings. A more thorough introduction to the big
picture concepts was suggested as an improvement. Prospective students should know that the class is
focused on producing one 40-page paper over the course of the semester.
AS.180.391.01
Economics of China
Mark Gersovitz
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
109
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.520.142.01
Digital Systems Fundamentals
Gerard Meyer
Overall quality of the class: 3.39
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included interesting material, hands-on assignments, and an interesting
and engaging instructor. The lecture notes and handouts for the class were given at the start of the
semester, making it easier to organize time effectively. The worst aspects of the course were the slow
pace of the course, the harsh and sometimes incorrect grading on homework, and the lack of feedback
regarding graded materials. Suggested improvements to the course were implementing better planning
and organization of the material, keep terminology consistent from lecture to homework, and a quicker
pace. Prospective students should have taken Intro to ECE, know that the workload is fairly light, and the
class is recommended with some reservations. If you are not a fan of sarcastic humor you will not like
this instructor.
EN.520.212.02-03
ECE Engineering Team Project (Freshmen and Sophomores)
Jin Kang
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
The highlights from this class included the chance to work on a cool and fun project with a team, and
build something unique. For many students, this is the first class with a large-scale project  it is exciting
to implement concepts from the classroom in the real world. The worst aspects of the class were the
differentiation in importance of the one-credit students and the three-credit students, the
disorganization of the course, and some dysfunctional teams. Suggestions for improving the course
included more involvement from faculty, better distribution of work in the teams, and more cohesive
deadlines. Prospective students should be prepared for heavy collaboration and a significant time
commitment. The class is best for students who are fully invested in the ECE program and are
enthusiastic about electronics.
110
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.214.01-02
Signals & Systems I
Mounya Elhilali
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the interesting material presented, seeing various other classes
pulled together in one place and the applicability to later courses in the degree program. The course
also uses MATLAB, and this course gave many students a good introduction to that program. The worst
aspects of the class were the inconsistent textbook, the discrepancy between the examples in class and
the questions on the exams, and the feedback on incorrect questions and grades is lacking. Suggestions
for improving the course include having a better textbook, more consistency between the problems
shown in class, on homework, and on exams, and giving solutions along with examples. Prospective
students should have a strong background in calculus, complex numbers, phasors, and trigonometry.
The homework requires a significant time commitment, and you should be prepared to study additional
material outside of class.
EN.520.216.01
Introduction To VLSI
Andreas Andreou
Overall quality of the class: 2.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were learning about chip design, getting some experience with
CADENCE, and an available and engaged TA. Many students particularly liked learning how a transistor
works down to a microscopic scale. The worst aspects of this course were the disorganization of the
instructor, the constantly shifting requirements for the project, and the difficulty of CADENCE.
Suggestions for improving this course were better organized lectures, assignments, and expectations,
having a syllabus the first day of class, and more time with CADENCE. Prospective students should know
that based on this semester, the course is an easy A, but very unstructured and many found it a waste of
time. This course is not recommended.
EN.520.220.01
Fields, Matter & Waves
Mark Foster
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.222.01
Computer Architecture
Robert Jenkins
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
111
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Summary:
This class was highlighted by an enthusiastic and knowledgeable instructor, interesting material, and
comprehensive explanations of difficult topics. Many students thought the challenges and rewards of
this course were well worth the struggle. The worst aspects of the course were the difficult exams and
the very perplexing material. Much of the material is theoretical and abstract, and homework can be
vague. Suggestions to improve the class included more hands on examples, a better text book, and more
comprehensive lecture notes. Prospective students should know the material is challenging and you
should study regularly to retain the information. This is not an easy class by any means, but it is
fascinating and integral if you plan to go into computer engineering.
EN.520.353.01
Control Systems
Danielle Tarraf
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
Students who were enrolled in this course seemed to enjoy the professor's teaching style. She was very
effective at conveying complicated materials and concepts, and she made clear what she expected out
of her students. The course covered controls theory and continuous time signals and concepts in depth.
Students felt the homework was unnecessarily difficult and didn't reflect midterm material. Also, there
wasn't a textbook to refer to and some students said that the professor was hard to please. Suggestions
for improvement include: harder practice problems during class to prepare students for homework,
exams questions that will demonstrate knowledge and not just quick algebra skills, and a textbook.
Prospective students should know that their homework will take hours upon hours to complete.
EN.520.372.01
Programmable Device Lab
Robert Glaser
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
This course allowed students to study multiple types of programmable logic and the labs allowed them
to put their learning to the test. The professor was also attentive and gave feedback to his students so
they could debug, learn from the experience, and move on. However, the lab reports were tedious to
write because of the specificity required, the technology use was outdated, and labs lasted for a long
time. It was suggested that modern technology be discussed, better assessments given, more focused
lectures, and more requirements added to the grading criteria. Prospective students should be able to
take time to write thorough lab reports.
EN.520.415.01
Image Process and Analysis
John Goutsias
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
112
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.425.01
FPGA Senior Projects Laboratory
Robert Jenkins
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The students who were enrolled in this course were given total freedom of their FPGA project. This
allowed them to explore what they were interested in, instead of being told what to do. The projects
were completed in small groups, and gave a helping hand throughout the course. The huge dependency
on group mates seemed unfair to students when it came to their grades. Also, some students hoped for
more guidance from the professor. To improve this course, students suggested that weekly progress
reports be submitted so that the professor can assess their performance. Prospective students must
take FPGA I in order to fully understand this course.
EN.520.433.01
Medical Image Analysis
Jerry Prince
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the theoretical and practical content of medical image analysis that
was covered. The instructor was a talented lecturer, and he also made sure that everyone understood
the material. In addition, students learned by completing projects with teammates. The workload was
heavy, the exams were heavily comprehension-based, and some topics could have been emphasized
more. Students suggested that less material be covered so that they grasp an understanding of the
subject matter, and that the workload be lessened. It was recommended that prospective students have
a background Image Process Analysis I.
EN.520.434.01
Modern Biomedical Imaging Instrumentation and Techniques
Benjamin Tsui
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.447.01
Information Theory
Sanjeev Khudanpur
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the instructor and the course material. The instructor was an
113
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
awesome lecturer and the homework clearly reflected lecture in greater detail. The assignments were
graded in a timely fashion, and the course material was useful for research and was highly related to
real life problems. In addition, the fundamentals of information theory were covered thoroughly. The
worst aspect of this course was that there was never enough time during class to finish the lectures.
Students felt like there was way too much information packed into one semester. Suggestions for
improvement include: a better classroom, better explanations of deriving important conclusions, and
keeping homework due dates on the same day each week. Prospective students should know some
basic Calculus/Analysis.
EN.520.448.01-02
Electronics Design Lab
Phillipe Pouliquen
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
During this course, students learned a variety of things including how to make a PCB and designing and
manufacturing their own project from scratch. Students loved the self-guided aspect of the project, and
enjoyed the help of their professor and TA. The project was a perfect way to exhibit their growth and
knowledge attained from the course. However, the course lacked structure at times and students felt
like they were unaware of expectations. Also, lectures tended to be ineffective and the project was very
time consuming. Suggestions for improvement include: more useful lectures, more
guidance/instruction, and allotted time outside of class for extra assistance. Prospective students should
have experience with microprocessors and microcontrollers before enrolling in this course.
EN.520.450.01
Advanced Micro-Processor Lab
Robert Glaser
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course seemed to have gained a lot throughout the semester. For
example, they learned how to program a microprocessor and how to interact with its various hardware
capabilities. Also, the professor was extremely knowledgeable and the material he presented in his
lectures was relevant to weekly assignments and to engineering as a whole. Labs became overwhelming
because there was only a short time allotted to complete each one. In addition, the technology was
outdated. To improve this course, it was suggested that labs be spaced out more evenly and that the
testing process be streamlined. Prospective students should know that the class is rewarding although
there is a heavy workload.
EN.520.453.02-03
Advanced ECE Engineering Team Project
Jin Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
114
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.473.01
Magnetic Resonance in Medicine
Paul Bottomley, Daniel Herzka
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.482.01
Introduction to Lasers
Jacob Khurgin
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.483.01
Bio-Photonics Laboratory
Jin Kang
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.485.01
Advanced Semiconductor Devices
Jacob Khurgin
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.492.01
Mixed-Mode LVSI Systems
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
According to many students, the course material presented was fascinating and the professor was a
master of the subject matter. The class was comprised of both lectures and labs, which prevented
monotony. Also, the labs included hands-on experience with designing mixed LVSI devices. However,
students said it was very easy to fall behind in this course because of the challenging material and pace.
In addition, some of the tools were not properly configured for the project, which made it difficult to
complete. Suggestions for improvement include: office hours or a TA, an official textbook, a slower lab
and lecture pace, and better tools. Prospective students interested in microelectronic design should take
this class.
115
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.499.01
Senior Design Project
Andreas Andreou
Overall quality of the class: 3.23
Summary:
Not only did students enrolled in this course learn about the engineering design process, but they also
were able to get in the lab and attempt to design something of their own with complete freedom and
independence. Students also said that the lab manager was awesome and very helpful to them. The
worst aspect of this class was the extreme disorganization and unclear expectations. Suggestions for
improvement include: clear-cut directions and schedule, and increased relevance to BME curriculum.
Prospective students should be comfortable working independently.
EN.520.621.01
Introduction to Nonlinear Systems
Pablo Iglesias
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.624.01
Integrated Photonics
Amy Foster
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.627.01
Photovoltaics and Energy Devices
Susanna Thon
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Throughout this course, the professor made it her duty that her students succeeded. She thoroughly
explained the concepts of Photovoltaics and the homework assignments prepared students for graduate
school, industry presentations, and graphing of results. Also, the final project made students apply their
knowledge about photovoltaic technologies. However, lectures tended to be dry and assigned readings
didn't always correspond to assignments. The homework was also graded very harshly. Suggestions for
improvement include: guest speakers and interactive material, clearer presentation guidelines, and a
teaching assistant. An electrical engineering background would be beneficial to prospective students,
but it is not required.
EN.520.636.01
Signaling Pathways
116
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Pablo Iglesias
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.648.01
Compressed Sensing and Sparse Recovery
Trac Duy Tran
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
Summary:
This course not only focused on compressed sensing, but also added some introduction related material
of discriminative applications, which turned out to be more generalized research problems. Also, the
professor's had amazing lecturing abilities and was motivational to his class. The only negative aspect in
this course was the short time (1 week) between the first and second presentations. Prospective
students should have a math background in linear algebra.
EN.520.652.01
Filtering & Smoothing
Howard Weinert
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.673.01
Magnetic Resonance/Medic
Paul Bottomley, Daniel Herzka
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.680.01
Speech and Auditory Processing by Humans and Machines
Hynek Hermansky
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspect of this course seemed to be learning the methods of speech recognition. They also had
lots of hands-on experience. But all topics are not covered in depth and it was not well organized,
according to some students. It was suggested that more emphasis be put on state-of- the-art work in
speech processing and that there be more assignments. Prospective students should have a background
in speech processing and be interested in it.
117
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.702.01
Current Topics in Language and Speech Processing
Sanjeev Khudanpur
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
This seminar offered its students the opportunity to listen to guest speakers from varied backgrounds
and have conversations with them. In addition, the course informed students about state-of-the-art
research in the language/speech related field. However, some students complained about the
environment being disrespectful and some of the speakers were boring. It was suggested that food be
available at all presentations and not just student-led ones. Prospective students should have a
background in speech and language processing.
EN.520.738.01-02
Advanced Electronic Lab Design
Philippe Pouliquen
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
118
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.662.642.01
Management and Leadership
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
In this course, students learned fundamental life skills through practice of interviewing, negotiation, and
communication. Also, students improved their memo writing abilities and the interactive discussions
seemed to be more helpful than reading. Students disliked that the course relied on them knowing
entry-level engineers and managers to interview, and that lessons were repetitive. Also, the class time
seemed too long for the amount of information being taught. It was suggested that this course meet
once a week and that a new professor be appointed. Prospective students should be prepared for time
consuming writing activities.
EN.662.651.01
Marketing Communication and Strategy
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Although this course seemed to be less marketing-related, students still enjoyed practicing their
presentation and public speaking skills. Also, students were challenged to write and organize their
papers to the best of their ability. In addition, there was a memo rewrite option for the first few
assignments so that students could see an improvement of their work. At times the course was
disorganized and there was a lack of student participation. Many students said that they learned most
from reading and not from the professor. Suggestions for improvement include: more focus on
marketing principles, more guidance from the professor, more presentations, and a participation
requirement. Prospective students should remember not to overthink assignments.
119
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
ENGLISH DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.060.100.01-02
Introduction to Expository Writing
William Evans, Anne-Elizabeth Brodsky
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
Many students agreed that the professors for this course were very personable and knowledgeable
about writing. The class was fairly small and students learned to improve various aspects of their
writing. Students enjoyed that one of the professors guided the class through tutorials and provided
individual feedback. However, many students agreed that the professor can lack open-mindedness and
the class moved slowly. Suggestions for improvement include: granting more freedom to students, more
group work, and more challenging material. Prospective students should know that the quizzes help
improve grades and that the course is more suitable for weaker writers.
AS.060.107.01-02
Introduction to Literary Study
Jonathan Kramnick, Adam Grener
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the novels required for reading and class discussions. Many
students really liked the professors, but were not too fond of the course grade being based mostly off of
two term papers, and thought the amount of reading was overwhelming. Students also found a lack of
feedback and would suggest peer review sessions, fewer novels to read, and a better teaching style as
improvements to the quality the course. Prospective students should know that their grade also relies
on class participation. They should keep in mind that they will be doing lots of reading and writing.
AS.060.110.01
The African American Novel
Douglas Tye
120
ENGLISH
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Many students agreed that the books read for this course and the class discussions were the best
aspects of this course. Students felt that the professor for this course was very engaging and cared
about his students' opinions. The environment was relaxed, which made the class feel like less of a
lecture and more of a room of people discussing reading material. However, students did notice that the
fast pace of the course made it difficult to grasp the ideas of the books. Students also disliked the
location of this class, and would prefer it not be in the basement. Suggestions for improvement include:
cutting down the amount of required books, clearer essay structure, and more challenging topics.
Prospective students should keep in mind that this course carries a heavy workload.
AS.060.114.01
Expository Writing
John Waterman
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the conference discussions and the interesting topics covered. The
professor was attentive to his students and offered constructive and timely feedback to students. The
worst aspects of this course were the drawn out lectures, the lack of freedom, and the way essays were
graded. Some students were disappointed with this course and felt like it was a waste of time. It has
been suggested by students that they be given more time to complete essays, use more scientific
material, and better essay structure and topics. Prospective students should know that the professors
are hard graders and keep an open mind.
AS.060.114.02
Expository Writing
Elisabeth Campbell
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
Students enrolled in this course learned how to summarize a work and then give it merit. The
conferences were a great place for students to assess their writing and progress. Students found the
peer review helpful, and the articles chosen sparked the interest of many. Towards the end of the
semester students felt rushed when it came down to producing papers. The professor was also a very
hard grader and there were no breaks between assignments. Students suggested that the content of the
course be reworked to improve the quality. Prospective students should know that this class will either
help them structure an academic essay or it won't help at all.
AS.060.114.03
Expository Writing
John Sampson
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
121
ENGLISH
Summary:
Students enrolled in this course learned more about Baltimore from the perspective of authors. The
professor was attentive and gave honest and timely feedback to his students. Many students found the
course material to be interesting and really enjoyed reading Flap Doodle and watching different TV
shows that were based in the city. However, students complained that the professor does not give out
good grades and does not appreciate the growth of his students. Also, some of the class discussions
seemed to drag on, according to students. Suggestions for improvement include a clearer rubric for
grading, more freedom, and more discussion. Prospective students should know that their grade may
not always reflect their effort.
AS.060.114.04
Expository Writing
Robert Webber
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects about this course were the feedback from the professor and TA, the discussions, and
the material covered. The professor taught his students important elements of writing like structuring
arguments, summarizing texts, and providing evidence. Students felt like there was a good balance
between writing and discussion and the professor was not afraid to discuss controversial topics.
However, many students did not see progress in their writing and felt like the class should be
restructured in a way that makes students want to attend class. It was suggested by students that more
guidance be given, more overall organization be worked on, and a more technologically advanced
setting would improve the quality of this course. Prospective students should be aware that the
professor grades fair and the class is what they make it. It can either be exciting or boring.
AS.060.114.05
Expository Writing
Kevin Roberts
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Both the generalized and individualized feedback was great for students who were enrolled in this
course. Many students learned how to write properly by proving points using evidence. The class
discussions were engaging encouraged students to explore the ideas they were learning about.
However, some students disagreed and thought discussions were not effective because there was a lack
of participation. Often times, many students noticed significant changes made to their work by the
professor and found this frustrating and difficult. Suggestions for improvement include cancelling class
to allow students to use that time to work on their papers, more clarity in feedback, and more peer
review sessions. Prospective students should know that this course might involve more work than a
typical introductory writing class.
AS.060.114.06
Expository Writing
Anthony Wexler
122
ENGLISH
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course agreed that the thought-provoking conversations initiated by the
TA were extremely effective and that the professor was awesome. Many students also witnessed the
improvement of their writing skills. Although the students were fond of the professor, they thought he
graded very harshly. The inclement weather made the assignment schedule frustrating and the turn-
around time on receiving papers back was often slow. It was suggested by students that the number of
essays be cut down to three and a variation in reading material be used to improve the quality of this
course. Prospective students should be prepared for a lot of reading and writing and a clear
improvement of writing skills.
AS.060.114.07
Expository Writing
Joseph Haley
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course were quite fond of the professor's lenience and flexibility when it
came to scheduling conferences and submission dates. Students also enjoyed the topics covered
throughout the course and the significant change they saw in their writing. However, students
complained about the professor's disorganization and failure to return assignments on time. Students
also complained about discussions and grading being difficult to understand. Suggestions for
improvement include less procrastination from the professor, in-depth one-on-one sessions, and fewer
essays. Prospective students should be aware that the professor is a tough grader and there is a great
amount of work required in order to complete this course.
AS.060.114.08
Expository Writing
Kellan Anfinson
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the student-teacher meetings, the structure of the class, and skills
learned. Many students found the student-teacher meetings helpful, and the feedback given during
these meetings led to an improved approach to writing. The course also only had four major writing
assignments, which allotted a great amount of time to analyzing and making each piece better.
However, the grading system was harsh and the workload is demanding. Many students suggested more
time to outline essays before working on them and group workshops to improve the quality of this
course. Prospective students should realize how intensive the course and assignments will be.
AS.060.114.09
Expository Writing
Nora Lambrecht
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
123
ENGLISH
Summary:
Many students agreed that the freedom granted by the professor made this class enjoyable. For the
final essay, students were able to choose their own topics and the professor's teaching style was both
helpful and passionate. The professor was also clear on expectations. Students disliked the pace of the
course for the amount of work required. Often times, assignments were due within a few days of each
other. Grading was also described as "strict." Students suggested that the course include more class
workshops and quicker return of assignments to improve the quality of the course. Prospective students
should know that the course requires a lot of work but they will see their writing change.
AS.060.114.09-10
Expository Writing
Katarina O'Briain
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
Many students thought that the professor of this course was approachable and gave great feedback
during conferences. The professor also pushed her students to become better writers. Students learned
how to write arguments without a prompt and were able to step their writing skills up a few notches.
The texts assigned were also enjoyed by students. However, the constant reading and writing became
time consuming and at times, the professor's instructions were not made clear. The course was also
vigorous and there were back to back assignments due. Students suggested that more time be spent on
new topics and themes, more conferences and peer editing, and less course work. Prospective students
should be good at managing their time because the work quickly piles up.
AS.060.114.11
Expository Writing
Maria Labina
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
Students seemed to like the professor for this course and the topics discussed while they were enrolled.
The professor gave individualized attention to each student and peer evaluation was both helpful and
successful. Instead of focusing on texts, like many of the other sections, this professor allowed her
students to focus on analyzing paintings. However, students felt rushed because four essays were
packed into the semester and the workload became heavy at times. It was suggested by students to
limit the course to three essays, spend more time on the editing stage of writing, and design a grading
rubric for assignments. Prospective students will be expected to do lots of writing and know that it is
very difficult to receive an A in the course.
AS.060.114.12-13
Expository Writing
Marie O'Connor
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
124
ENGLISH
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the class discussions, the readings, and the professor's helpful hand
of guidance. Students also appreciated that the professor would not hold class sometimes so that
students had ample time to complete their assignments. The class discussions were thought-provoking
and the pace of the class worked with lots of students' schedules. However, at times the professor
talked too much and the last assignment made students feel rushed. The number one thing suggested to
improve the quality of the course was a conference for the final essay. Students with a love for fairy
tales and writing should take this course.
AS.060.114.14
Expository Writing
Tim Hanafin
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
Students who were enrolled in this course said that the professor is great at explaining and critiquing
essays in a one-on-one setting. Many students walked away with valuable knowledge and felt more
confident in their writing abilities. The worst aspects of this course were the slow return of assignments
and lack of class discussion. It was suggested by students that the professor return papers in a quicker
manner and more conversation about the topics being covered. Students interested in the 2008
financial crisis should enroll in this course.
AS.060.114.15
Expository Writing
Bican Polat
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
Students who are looking for a course with a professor who is straightforward and uses clarity in
explanations should enroll. Previous students learned techniques that they can apply to many other
writing assignments in the future. Students also received great feedback on their writing and
participated in group workshops. However, the professor often times exhibited tardiness and returned
papers late. Students suggested that the professor be a little more helpful during conferences and
return papers in a timely fashion. Prospective students should be prepared for an interesting course and
to learn about psychology and emotional attachment.
AS.060.114.16-17
Expository Writing
Aliza Watters
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Many students seemed to enjoy this course, as well as the professor's bubbly personality. Students also
enjoyed the assigned readings because of how engaging they were. In addition, students saw an
improvement in their writing, which was attributed to conferences and class assignments. However,
125
ENGLISH
many students felt that the course was fast paced and deadlines seemed to be too close together.
Suggestions for improvement included quicker rough draft feedback, more one-on-one time with the
professor, and more in-class workshops. Prospective students should be flexible and prepared to write.
AS.060.114.18
Expository Writing
Andrew Sission
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
Students interested in Hitchcock films will love this course. Previous students enrolled in this course said
that the professor was always smiling and friendly. They also said that they received constructive
feedback from him regularly. Often times, lectures became boring and grading was harsh. Students
suggested that the course have more class discussion, more structure, and more time in between
essays. Prospective students should be comfortable with humanities so that they can analyze films
effectively.
AS.060.114.19
Expository Writing
Robert Higney
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Many students were appreciative of the feedback received from the professor of this course, and found
the individual conferences effective. Students also enjoyed the class discussions and found the topic of
the American wilderness to be intriguing. Some students complained that they didn't learn how to cite
sources and correctly use quotation marks. Often times, the class discussion would go off topic and the
work load was unpredictable. Students suggested more structure for this course, and prospective
students should expect a lot of writing and reading.
AS.060.114.20
Expository Writing
Hitomi Koyama
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
During this course, many students grew fond of the professor. She was engaging and offered guidance
with editing papers. Students also found the professor extremely relatable and an excellent teacher of
writing. The course included interesting topics, small groups, and class discussions. It was suggested by
students that the grading rubric be less vague and there be more time to complete writing assignments.
Prospective students should know that this professor will not be returning in the fall.
AS.060.114.20
Expository Writing
George Oppel
126
ENGLISH
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
This professor of this course is said to be quirky, caring, and very understanding. Students were able to
make real world connections and build on an idea throughout this course. Conferences were also very
helpful to the students and the essay topics and readings sparked discussion. Some of the class
assignments were tedious and a few of the readings were dull. Students suggested that new readings be
added to the requirements to improve the quality of this course. Prospective students will build a
relationship with the professor who is always willing to help.
AS.060.139.01
Expository Writing: The Narrative Essay
Patricia Kain
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
Many students agreed that the professor for this course offered great feedback and was very
knowledgeable about writing. The small classroom offers a more personal relationship between
students and their peers and also between students and the professor. Occasionally, the material
became repetitive and boring according to students. Suggestions for improvement include more class
discussions and more peer reviewing. Prospective students should take this course if they are seeking a
good narrative writing foundation.
AS.060.146.01
Detective Fiction
Jesse Rosenthal
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the in class discussions, the books required for reading and the
professor himself. Many students felt that the professor was clear and very fair with his assignments and
approachable. Students were encouraged to voice their opinions through discussions, but did not write
about the films they viewed. Essay prompts were also described as "vague" and the number of books
required for reading seemed like a bit much for students. Suggestions for improvement included more
movies, more guided essay assignments, and more allotted time to spend on books. Prospective
students should be aware that this course involves a lot of reading, but the environment is relaxed.
AS.060.212.01-04
British Literature II: 18th Century to the Present
Douglas Mao
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
127
ENGLISH
The variety of readings and the engaging humor and presentation style of the instructor were the high
points of this course. Most students thought the inclusion of prose along with poetry was a welcomed
addition. Though the readings were interesting, many students cited the sheer volume of reading
assigned as the worst aspect of this course. Some suggestions for improvement included having a final
essay rather than a final exam, and spending more time with fewer texts. Some students also thought
having more opportunity for discussion would be a beneficial improvement. Students interested in this
course should know that there is a lot of reading required, but the instructor is one of the best.
AS.060.308.01
The Novelty of the Novel
Roger Maioli dos Santos
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The class discussions, instructor's enthusiasm, and novel topic were the most highly rated aspects of this
course. The density and amount of reading was cited as the worst aspect of the course. The suggestions
for improvement centered on either more time with each reading, or more feedback on essay
assignments. However, there were a few students who could not find fault within the course.
Prospective students should have an interest in pre-18th
century writing, and should be prepared to read
daily.
AS.060.312.01
Literature of the Gray Zone: The Holocaust and Its Shadow
Eric Sundquist
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
This course was highlighted by the fascinating nature of the topic and the range of readings assigned.
Additionally, students appreciated the in-depth discussions and knowledgeable instructor. The set-up of
the space and the often lengthy lectures were cited as the worst aspects of this course. A room more
conducive to discussions, and varying the class format from week to week were suggested
improvements. Students interested in this course should know that while there is a good deal of
reading, and this is an insightful class and worth taking.
AS.060.321.01
Victorian Poetry
Patrick Fessenbecker
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The class dynamic, fluid discussion and the variety of poets and poems were the best aspects of this
course. Many students thought the high number of poems read verses the low number discussed in
class was the worst aspect of this course. Adjusting this discrepancy was the most common suggestion
for improvement. The subject matter can be thicker than mid-18th
century London air, but the instructor
is well versed in walking students through Victorian poetry.
128
ENGLISH
AS.060.329.01
Prophecy after Science
William Miller
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
Students were emphatic about the high points in this course. The selection of readings, the intellectual
challenge, and the enthusiastic and knowledgeable instructor were often cited as the best in the course.
While many thought fault was hard to find, confusion regarding weekly writing assignments was often
cited as the worst aspect of the course. More time for each reading or a longer semester were both
suggested as potential improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that this course
comes highly recommended, and was enjoyed by the majority of students enrolled.
AS.060.337.01
James Joyce
Douglas Mao
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the knowledgeable and effective instructor, the open and insightful
class discussions, and the inclusion of the cultural background along with the texts. The challenge of
Joyce's writing was by far cited as the worst aspect of the course, though the instructor was cited as
helping students better understand the readings. Shorter and more frequent writing assignments, along
with smaller classes were suggested improvements. Prospective students should know that reading
Joyce is demanding, but Professor Mao makes the course enjoyable and gives excellent insight to the
material.
AS.060.343.01
Milton and Liberty: Public and Private
Rebecca Buckham
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The focus on the breadth of work from one author, the in-depth and insightful class discussions, and the
engaging and very knowledgeable instructor were the top rated aspects of this course. Though most
students did not think there were any negatives to the course, some thought the number of written
responses and the challenge of Milton were worthy of complaint. One suggested improvement was to
lower the number of written responses while keeping the number of readings the same. Students
interested in this course should know that while the material can be challenging, it is stimulating and
intellectually rewarding.
AS.060.350.01
Literature by Other Means: Experimental and Conceptual Fiction and Poetry
Andrew Daniel
129
ENGLISH
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
Many students declared that everything about the course was top notch, without distinction. Some
were more specific, citing the unconventional authors and texts, the dynamism of the instructor, and
the creative in-class activities as the highlights of the course. The most commonly cited negative of the
course was that many students simply did not enjoy reading more conceptual or experimental writing.
Suggested improvements included having more creative activities, giving more time to the readings, and
a slower pace for discussions. This course is highly recommended to prospective students for the lasting
impression it will make.
AS.060.357.01
The Novels of Jane Austen
Jonathan Kramnick
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
The highlight of this course for most students was the reading material. The instructor was engaging and
interesting, and discussions during class were insightful. Most students cited the length of the class
meeting time (3 hours) as the worst aspect of the course. Reading more critiques, or more discussion
regarding the historical context of the works were suggested as possible improvements. If you love Jane
Austen, you should take this course.
AS.060.395.01
Global Tales of Transformation
Kara Wedekind
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The readings for this course are diverse and interesting, discussions in class were exciting and insightful,
and the instructor's feedback was thorough and honest. However, many students thought the class
lacked some organization and that the lectures seemed to go off-topic at times. Better organization and
structure to the schedule and expectations were some suggested improvements. Prospective students
should know that despite the often disorganized feel to the class, this is an interesting and challenging
course and is highly recommended.
AS.060.397.01
Thomas Pynchon
Christopher Nealon
Overall quality of the class: 4.93
Summary:
Professor Nealon was given unanimous thumbs up as the instructor of this course. The discussions along
with the supplemental readings were additional high points. The density and difficulty of Pynchon was
130
ENGLISH
given near-unanimous thumbs down. Among the suggested improvements, more opportunities for
graded work and additional supplemental readings were mentioned most often. Prospective students
should be prepared for the challenge of two long and difficult novels, but know that your effort will be
rewarded with intellectual stimulation.
AS.060.398.01
Obscenity and the Law in 20th-Century Literature
Jacob Chilton
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The readings for this course proved interesting, and the instructor was well versed on the subject and
created an open class dynamic. Discussions in class were lively and engaging. The worst aspect of the
course was by far the time it took for students to receive graded work. Many students had not seen any
graded work at the time this survey was completed. A quicker turn-around on grades and feedback was
the most common suggestions for improvement. Prospective students should know that while the
amount of reading can seem extraordinary at times, the material is interesting and the class is
recommended.
131
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.660.105.01-08
Introduction to Business
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
This course provided a great background to finance and business management principles. The
professor's lectures were extremely applicable to real life and he made sure to keep students
entertained with his witty personality. Exams were ineffective because they were not reflective of one's
knowledge. In addition, students said that there was a heavy workload, much of which was seen as
pointless and tedious. Suggestions for improvement include: lightening the workload and revising exam
formats. Prospective students should be receptive to lots of busy work.
EN.660.203.01
Financial Accounting
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
Prospective students interested in any finance-related careers would enjoy this course. The small class
size ensured that students were grasping the material, and at the end of the semester, the professor
went back and reviewed sections or concepts that students need extra help on. During lecture, practice
problems were reviewed and cheat sheets could be used on exams. But the work load was heavy and
case studies were time consuming. Students suggested that the pace of the class be a little slower, that
homework be due once a week instead of every class and more in-depth lectures.
EN.660.203.02-03
Financial Accounting
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
132
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Summary:
The professor of this course was very thorough while teaching and didn't waste in class time. Instead,
she delved into all the important accounting principles and procedures during each class period. The
weekly quizzes reinforced understanding for students and the course did not require too much work.
Sometimes the professor taught too quickly and the exams were tricky and had a low margin of error. It
was suggested by students that cheat sheets be acceptable to use on exams, more case studies be done,
review sessions implemented before exams, and a slower teaching pace be used. Prospective students
should do all their work so they can stay on top of everything.
EN.660.203.04
Financial Accounting
Sean Furlong
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The professor of this course was highly recommended because of his ability to make dense, difficult, and
uninteresting material intriguing. He also had a sense of humor and wore incredible ties. Students
enjoyed the straightforward exams and reading articles showed them real world implications of topics
covered in class. Homework assignments were often given last minute and the students were unable to
keep exams after they got them back. In addition, the professor was inconsistent with his terminology
and made things confusing. Suggestions for improvement include: practice problems before exams,
keeping exams for reviewing purposes, and more time spent on the last two chapters. Prospective
students should know that the course is not easy, but the professor does his best to help.
EN.660.250.01
Principles of Marketing
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course felt that the terms and information gained in this class
will be applicable to their lives. They were able to do a hands-on project at the end of the semester that
tested their knowledge. The professor taught in an engaging way and made sure to include her personal
experiences. Daily quizzes were tedious and the group project was a nightmare if students weren't
placed in a good group. Also, some students thought the course was taught on a high school level and
didn't require much critical thinking. To improve this course, it was suggested that exams be easier,
stricter deadlines be set for the group project, more exam preparation be followed through with, and
daily quizzes be eliminated. Prospective students looking for an introductory marketing course should
enroll.
EN.660.250.02
Principles of Marketing
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
133
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Summary:
It was evident throughout this course that the professor cared about his students and the curriculum.
He brought up relevant examples that were helpful in understanding concepts, and the PowerPoint
presentations were clear and added to a positive experience. Students learned how marketing is being
used in the business world and the real life case studies went with the principles being covered. The
group project was difficult for many students because of disengaged peers. Also, topics were repetitive
and the overlap caused confusion. It was suggested that students be able to choose their own groups,
that discussion be increased, and that quizzes and exams be modified so that they are more application-
based. Prospective students should be good at memorizing information.
EN.660.203.03
Principles of Marketing
Marci DeVries
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the professor's full-of-energy teaching style and the class as a
whole. The final presentation gave students the spotlight to shine as a real Marketing professional, and
the lectures were effective at guiding them through the material. The daily quizzes were the worst
aspects of this course because many students thought they were useless and ridiculous. Suggestions for
improvement include: focused exams, more guest speakers, and a change of how much the group
project is worth. Prospective students should realize that this course isn't a joke and that they are
expected to get their hands dirty.
EN.660.250.04
Principles of Marketing
Theresa Jones
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
Many students seemed to enjoy the case studies and video components of the course because they
made comprehending the material and conceptualizing the concepts discussed in the book much easier.
Both the professor and TA were extremely helpful to their students and learning the basics of Marketing
was done in a light manner. However, the quizzes and three hour long class periods were aspects of the
course that students despised. It was suggested that the class meet twice a week, quizzes be eliminated,
and that group project instructions be more transparent. This course was easy and would be excellent
for prospective students who are Economics or Business majors.
EN.660.250.05
Principles of Marketing
Kimberly Manns
Overall quality of the class: 3.56
Summary:
134
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Many students agreed that this course covered the surface material of Marketing and was a perfect
introduction. The lectures were light and the professor provided lots of hands-on activities. It was
obvious that the professor cared about her students, and the guest speakers were seen as great
resources. But the group project and exams were a pain and the late evening class time made it difficult
to focus. In addition, the lecture was straight from the book, which was boring, and the weekly quizzes
were a disturbance. Students suggested that exams be more creative, a break be implemented, and
more overall organization and clarity provided. Prospective students should be able to take quizzes
during each class period.
EN.660.300.01
Managerial Finance
Marco Priolo
Overall quality of the class: 3.21
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course agreed that they practiced with Excel and strengthened their
skills. The professor seemed to care about his students, and the case competition allowed students to
put their knowledge to the test in a practical way. Problems were also worked out during class, so the
expectations of students were known. Many students complained about the monotonous homework,
the professor's lack of experience teaching, and the inconsistent pace of the course. Suggestions for
improvement include: more grade feedback, less homework, a more informed instructor, and a
computer lab designated for the course. Unfortunately, it was said that prospective students won't learn
much in this new course.
EN.660.303.01
Managerial Accounting
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Many students agreed that this course was filled with useful material that can be applied to everyday
work in the business world. This course provided great intellectual challenges, but is balanced with
support. Also, students were allowed to refer to their classmates before turning in difficult homework
assignments. The instructor made expectations very clear and she did a great job of answering
questions. The exams were difficult and mostly based on memorization, and working with a new partner
each week on problem sets became time consuming. Also, the course load was heavy. Suggestions for
improvement include: more problem set practice, a better partner system, a new exam format, and
posting notes before class so students can review them. Prospective students should be ready to work
hard and think for themselves.
EN.660.308.01
Business Law I
David Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
135
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Summary:
Prospective students who want to learn more about the legal system and its relationship to business
should enroll in this course. This course was described as "solid," and students seemed to love the
informative lectures and the professor. The professor also gave awesome examples to help students
understand and he told funny stories and jokes. However, the grading system was on a flat scale, the
class was almost three hours long, and the exams were pretty tricky. Students suggested that they be
given two short breaks to keep them engaged, a different teaching style from the professor, and reading
assignments to motivate students to actually look at the book.
EN.660.308.02
Business Law I
William Rakes
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The instructor of this course was able to teach from the book but also from experience because he's a
lawyer. Students appreciated the specific type of law was emphasized throughout this course, and the
extra credit event was an excellent way for students to connect with the instructor and the guest
speaker. But class notes were not available on Blackboard, there were heavy reading assignments, and
some of the material seemed to be rushed through. In addition, the midterm was tough and the
constant note-taking made it hard for students to focus on the speaker. It was suggested that this class
meet twice a week and that Blackboard be used. Prospective students should expect a generally
straightforward class.
EN.660.310.01
Case Studies in Business Ethics
Douglas Sandhaus
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
Students really enjoyed the class discussions they had during this course and the games they played. The
professor incorporated real life issues into course material, and he used interesting ways to get his
students amped up. In addition, the professor used non-traditional ways to get his students to really
ponder certain topics. However, grading was arbitrary, the case studies were confusing, and the lack of
feedback frustrated students. Technology also was off limits during this class. Suggestions for
improvement include: fairer grading, shorter class periods, and teaching students how to debate before
throwing them into it. Prospective students should know that the course workload isn't terrible.
EN.660.311.01
Law and the Internet
Mark Franceschini
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
136
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
During this course, students learned the law by reading and briefing cases, which they found to be more
effective than reading the textbook alone. The lectures were interesting, and students participated in a
group project that designated every member with a specific responsibility so that there was no slacking.
The professor was great, and kept the class intrigued with his sense of humor and by showing videos.
But, the professor's lecture style confused many students, the midterm was tricky, and at times the
course lacked organization and guidance. Suggestions for improvement include: more guidance for the
final project, a review session before the midterm, a transparent grading system, and clear questions on
exams. Prospective students should always attend class so that they don't fall behind.
EN.660.331.01
Leadership in Teams
William Smedick
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The professor of this course lectures prompted deep class discussion and the first-hand experience that
students received while working in teams to apply what they learned in class was priceless. The final
project allowed students to explore leadership techniques that they could implement in the future while
working with others. Disorganization and lack of structure were complained about by students, and the
course ended up being writing intensive although it was not designated this way. To improve this
course, it was suggested by students that there be a concrete syllabus, a more developed curriculum, a
writing intensive credit, and more course direction and organization. Prospective students who want to
work on their leadership qualities should enroll in this course.
EN.660.332.01
Leadership Theory
William Smedick
Overall quality of the class: 4.68
Summary:
Not only were students enrolled in this course expected to consider what kind of leader they were, but
they also were able to apply their skills to a consulting project that involved groups in which they would
hold leadership positions. Also, there were a wide range of assignments that built students' grades and
much of the information learned can be referred to later in life. This course was extremely writing
intensive, and the Blackboard site and syllabus were unclear. It was suggested that the first half of this
course be expanded and the second be eliminated, that there be less written work and more guest
speakers, and that they watch films about leaders in history. Prospective students should not that this
course is of low difficulty, but requires a lot of writing.
EN.660.340.01
Principles of Management
Illysa Izenberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
137
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
The professor of this course was obviously committed to teaching in an effective way because she was
always there when students needed her assistance. She would send out emails to make sure everyone
was on the same page and give feedback. The class discussions were great, and the memos provided
students with insight towards their stance on business topics and individual management styles.
However, some students found the professor's nature to be overbearing and micromanaging. Also,
some topics didn't seem to be directly related to management and often assignments would overlap.
Students suggested that their lowest memo grade be dropped and less focus be put on memos and
more on individual work. Prospective students should be comfortable with participating in class, and if
not, this course is not for them.
EN.660.341.01
Business Process and Quality Management
Joshua Reiter
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The professor of this course did a commendable job of connecting with his students through discussion
of relatable topics and real world examples. Many students agreed that this course gave them a solid
foundation for approaching a start-up business or general job. Group work and interaction with peers
was also present throughout this course. Assignments and grading were at times confusing, and meeting
on just one day out of the week made lectures drag on. In addition, the TA didn't give feedback to
students and the work load was a little more than expected. The main thing students suggested to
improve this course is more clarity in all aspects of the course (grading, assignments, lectures, etc.)
Prospective students should enter this course with an open mind.
EN.660.352.01
New Product Development
Michael Agronin
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The group dynamic and collaborative aspects of this course seemed to intrigue students the most.
Although the success of the group depended on how well they worked together, many students still
seemed to enjoy it. The work load was fairly light and the professor was flexible and approachable.
Students would have preferred if the professor didn't rely so much on the PowerPoint and taught from
personal experiences. Also, the class was held for three hours at night and students were unable to
choose their own partners. Suggestions for improvement include: an explicit grading rubric, two days of
class periods, and researching the need before choosing the topic. Prospective students should know
that they will be working with their group for the entire course.
EN.660.404.01
Business Law II
David Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
138
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Summary:
The high points in this course were the interesting subject material, the clear continuation from Business
Law I, and the manageable workload. Many students found the instructor knowledgeable and engaging,
making the long lectures bearable. The length of the class (3 hours) and the late time were the worst
aspects. A few students also gave the first writing assignment low marks, saying it was not relevant and
seemed like busy work. Suggestions for improvements included breaking the meeting times into two
shorter sections, and moving the writing assignments up before the midterm. Prospective students
should know that the grades are focused on two tests, there is a very manageable workload, and
Professor Fisher keeps the examples interesting and relevant.
EN.660.420.01
Marketing Strategy
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
The aspects of this course rated highest were the case studies, the variety of industries studied, guest
speakers, and the real world applicability of the skills learned. Several students noted that Professor
Kendrick mentioned several internship or job opportunities to the class, and students had the
impression that she was invested in her student's success. Though student's appreciated having case
studies as real world examples, many students thought the ones provided in class were out of date.
Additionally, the course was not on Blackboard, and much of the material was on paper. Many students
cited this as the worst aspect of the course. More up to date case studies, fewer quizzes, and a better
textbook were some suggestions for improving the course. Prospective students should know that the
workload of the course is high, there is more quantitative work than other marketing courses at
Hopkins, but many students recommend this course without much reservation.
EN.660.450.01
Advertising & Integrated Marketing Communication
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The real world experience and internship quality of this course was by far the highest rated aspect.
Students were able to work with a real client to run a marketing campaign from start to finish, seeing
their individual work pay off as part of the larger group. This is a class that many students added to their
resume and have been asked about at job interviews. The worst aspects of the class largely centered on
the uneven distribution of work. Students who took on manager roles were swamped, while others felt
like they were not able to contribute more. Additionally, there are weekly readings from a textbook
along with quizzes that were given near unanimous thumbs down. Suggestions for improvements to the
course included a better distribution of the workload, getting rid of the textbook and quizzes, and
structuring class time more efficiently. Prospective students should know that this course gives
marketing majors the chance to put all the concepts they have learned into practice. This course is
highly recommended.
EN.660.453.01
139
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Social Media and Marketing
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the semester long marketing project, the engaging instructor,
and the relevance of the material covered. Students gave particular mention to the interactive style of
the course, mentioning videos and visuals that were well incorporated into the lectures. Many students
gave the workload the poorest rating, saying the amount of work due weekly seemed like too much at
times with quizzes, readings, and regular writing assignments. Some suggestions for improvement
included having a senior option, assigning fewer writing assignments, or getting rid of the final exam.
Students interested in this course should know that the workload can be high but is manageable, the
course is very useful, and you earn participation points by tweeting.
140
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.061.141.01
Introduction to Cinema, 1941- present
Karen Yasinsky
Overall quality of the class: 2.86
Summary:
Many students agreed that the films discussed during this course were extremely intriguing. There was a
wide range of films that were watched and analyzed, weekly quizzes and assignments, and lessons on
the history of cinema. However, lectures were often boring and class dragged on. The professor was also
seen as disorganized at moments. Students didn't like the length of the class and the fact that it only
met once a week. In addition many students agreed that the class not engaging. Suggestions for
improvement include: better lectures, clearer course guidelines, stricter structure or class organization
and a change in the film screening time. Prospective students should be prepared to view films outside
of class time.
AS.061.150.01
Introduction to Film Production
John Mann
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were hands-on experience shooting with film and the relationships that
the professor and TA offered. Students enjoyed pretty much every aspect of the course. The only thing
that students seemed to dislike was the lack of equipment. It was suggested that the film department be
given more money for sufficient equipment and that the introduction to using film be done earlier, so
that students can jump right in. Prospective students should take this course if they are interested in
film production because they will learn a lot as well as have tons of fun.
AS.061.204.01
Intermediate Digital Film Production
Jimmy Roche
141
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The approachable manner of both the professor and TA made students taking this course feel
comfortable. The professor is said to be passionate and knowledgeable of his craft. Many students
enjoyed the feedback they received every week from the professor and TA. Students also enjoyed
having the opportunity to make films. However, the disorganization of the course made things a bit
overwhelming, and the lack of equipment made it difficult to arrange convenient times for each student
to use. Students also said that the final project of making their own film was difficult. Suggestions for
improvement include: smaller class size, more cameras, and change the final project into a group project
instead of an individual one. Prospective students should get ready to learn a great deal.
AS.061.205.01
Introduction to Dramatic Writing: Film
Roberto Buso-garcia
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the films, class discussions, and the knowledge of the professor.
According to the students, he was able to provide a great amount of insight since he works in the film
industry. Writing prompts and readings gave students hope and inspired them to produce greatness.
Students also liked the peer evaluations that the course offered. They described them as "helpful."
Students disliked the way the professor graded and felt that it was lazy of him to not give them a
definite grade. They also disliked that this class met on Fridays in the late afternoon. To improve this
course, students suggested more clarity from the professor on assignments, more focus on work, and
more available office hours. Prospective students should have a script idea coming into the class.
AS.061.220.01
Special Topics: Silent Classics
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The small classroom environment allowed students to gain personalized attention from the professor.
Many students agreed that the films were impressive and that the professor was both passionate and
excellent at analyzing silent films. The professor also offered valuable feedback on essays. The two and a
half hour long class periods requires a serious time commitment, and often times the professor gave
unclear instructions. It was suggested by students that the professor use more clarity when giving
assignments and that the students create their own short silent film to improve the quality of this
course. Prospective students should enter the course with a solid understanding of film.
AS.061.245.01
Introduction to Film Theory
Meredith Ward
142
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Many students seemed to love the professor for this course. She was described as "passionate" and
"engaged." She also knew her subject very well and always offered guidance to her students. The
discussions that occurred in this course were thought-provoking and interesting as well. Students
complained about the class duration and the notes not being structured. Suggestions for improvement
include: more structured PowerPoints, breaking the class into two sessions so there is a lecture class and
discussion class, and more class participation from other students. Prospective students should have an
interest in film and plan accordingly because some of the readings are dense.
AS.061.323.01
Masculinities
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects about this course were the professor's effectiveness, the films, and the class
discussions. Students enjoyed watching classic cinema and the feedback received from the professor.
Although students liked the films for the most part, they disliked the amount of films they watched per
class period. Students also disliked the amount reading and writing. It was suggested that a few more
modern films be added into the rotation to improve the quality of this course. Prospective students
should be prepared to talk and watch some great movies.
AS.061.344.01
The Viewers in the Dark: One Hundred Years of Cinephilia, from Lumiere to Tsai Ming-Liang
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
Many students agreed that their experience during this course was nothing short of spectacular. They
loved the class size, the discussions, and the professor. Students found it evident that the professor
cared about her students and the subject matter. Class discussions were deemed effective and weekly
writing assignments were a hit for students. However, it was noticed that the course did not incorporate
films listed on the syllabus and presentation day was not a highlight for students. Suggestions for
improvement include: assigning the online component earlier in the semester and meeting more often.
Prospective students are in for a treat.
AS.061.356.01
Narrative Productions
Matthew Poterfield
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
143
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
Students enrolled in this course were granted the opportunity to create a film with their classmates and
also have it critiqued by other classmates. Many students agreed that the freedom given to them by the
professors was a nice added touch. This course allowed students to experience the entire process of
creating a complete narrative short. Many students found it difficult to work with their peers because
the work became disproportionate and felt that there was a lot of work from the start without clear
instructions. It was suggested that better scripts be made and class time be used efficiently to improve
the quality of this course. Prospective students need some background in production.
AS.061.361.01
Documentary Film Theory
John Mann
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Many students agreed that this course was their favorite of the semester. The professor clearly
demonstrates the care he has for his students. His engaging personality inspired his students to channel
their creativity and tackle life. Students also were drawn to his teaching style and felt they were
intellectually stimulated. The only aspects of the course that students were not too fond of were the
occasional disorganization and that the class only met once a week. It was suggested by students that
this class be on a different day and that the syllabus was a bit more organized. Prospective students
highly recommend the course to intellectuals who love being challenged.
AS.061.372.01
French Crime Films, Thrillers, and Noirs
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the amazing films students watched and the stimulating
discussions. Many students found the discussions to be extremely helpful, and on the last day of class,
students enjoyed French cuisine. Being in class on a day when the film wasn't their cup of tea was a bad
aspect of the class, along with the lectures that seemed to drag on. Students suggested that the class
meet twice a week instead of once, and experiment with different genres to improve the quality of this
course. Prospective students should be aware that all films are shown in the French language. The
course is ideal for lovers of the French language and culture.
AS.061.373.01
Intermediate Dramatic Writing: Film
Roberto Buso-garcia
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
Students enrolled in this course were not only able to discuss a variety of films, but they also applied
narrative designs that they learned to the films' plot structure. In addition, students wrote their own
screenplays with the guidance of the professor and were critiqued by their peers. The professor is
144
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
energetic and charismatic and creates a positive environment. According to students, the class requires
tons of creativity which can be frustrating. Also students did not read actual screenplays, which was
disappointing for them. In addition, the workload became very heavy throughout the semester.
Suggestions for improvement include: beginning screenplay at an earlier date, splitting the class into
two days instead of one, less homework, and more in-class assignments. Prospective students should
take this class if they are interested in screenwriting and have a sufficient background in it.
AS.061.381.01
Sound on Film
Karen Yasinsky
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Many students agreed that the best aspects of this course were the film screenings, the relaxed
environment, and the group project. Students received lots of hands-on training and professional
preparation. Team work was involved in this course and the course material was made understandable
by the professor. Many students disliked the conflict of schedules between Homewood and Peabody
classmates. This conflict made the group project both difficult and frustrating for many. Suggestions for
improvement include more collaboration during class time instead of outside of class, and more
unification between group partners. Prospective students should know that this course is time
consuming but fun.
145
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
GENERAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.500.781.01
Preparation for University Teaching
Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
146
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
GEOGRAPHY AMD ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.570.110.01
Introduction to Engineering for Sustainable Development
Erica Schoenberger
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the guest lecturers, the reading materials, and the open and
thoughtful discussions. Many students thought the class was relevant and asked a great deal of
intellectual maturity of them. For many students the worst aspects of the course were the group project
and the disorganization of the semester. While students appreciated the independence of the project,
scheduling was often difficult. Suggestions for improvements to the course included more time with the
speakers for discussions and questions, and prompt feedback on assignments. Prospective students
should know that the course seems disorganized, but there is a method in the instructor's madness. The
readings are interesting, speakers are inspiring, the workload is moderate  this course is highly
recommended.
EN.570.210.01
Computation/Math Modeling
Peter Wilcock
Overall quality of the class: 2.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the applicability of the material (VBA and Excel), and the
instructor's sense of humor. The worst aspects of this course were the homework which was unclear
and not related to the lecture, the disorganization of the course, and the overall poor instruction. Some
students did not learn what they had come to the class to learn, namely coding with VBA. Suggestions
for improving the course include a more organized schedule, homework related to the lecture, and a
curriculum which includes VBA instruction. Prospective students should have some programming
knowledge prior to this class. This class is not recommended by the students.
EN.570.239.01
147
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
Emerging Environmental Issues
A Roberts
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
This course was highlighted by fascinating and current material, an enthusiastic instructor, and problem
sets that were related to the exams. Many students found the intellectual challenge and rigor of the
course rewarding. However, several students found that despite her enthusiasm, the instructor was
often dismissive. Many students were displeased by the amount of chemistry in the problem sets and
thought feedback on their work took too much time to receive. Suggested improvements to the class
were to have a few quizzes to take weight off the exams, more flexible office hours, and time in class to
go over some example problems. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of content in one
semester, a background in chemistry is useful, and the course is interesting and challenging.
EN.570.302.01
Water & Wastewater Treatment
William Ball
Overall quality of the class: 3.08
Summary:
The highlight of this course was the field trip to a Baltimore waste water treatment plant where
students could see the information from class at work in a practical application. Additionally, many
students found the information in class interesting and the lecture slides were available on Blackboard.
The worst aspect of the class was by far the disorganization and mistakes which plagued lectures. The
instructor would often make mistakes during lecture, or the slides would contradict the textbook.
Attention to this issue was the most common suggestion for improving the course. Prospective students
should know that the course can be challenging for civil engineers, the lecture notes are important for
the homework, and the workload is manageable.
EN.570.304.01-02
Environmental Engineering Laboratory
A Roberts
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
Hands-on experiments, instruction in various instruments and techniques, and freedom to work as
independent groups were the best aspects of this course. Many students noted the intellectual
challenge of the class as an additional positive. However, students overwhelmingly cited the lack of
feedback on work as the worst aspect of the course, with many students mentioning that only one lab
report was returned leaving many to wonder if they were completing the rest correctly. Suggestions for
improvements centered on having work returned more promptly and reducing the workload.
Prospective students should know that the workload in this course can become overwhelming
depending on how many people are in a group, and expectations for lab reports are often unclear.
EN.570.412.01
148
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
Landscape Hydrology and Watershed Analysis
Ciaran Harman
Overall quality of the class: 3.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the practical application of hydrology models, the combination of
theory and practice, and the instructor's knowledge and enthusiasm. The inclusion of some GIS work
was also appreciated. The worst aspects of this course were the disorganization of classes, the lack of
regular feedback on work, and the lack of support on the term project. Some suggestions for improving
the course included providing more regular feedback or check in points for the final project, some
instruction in PYTHON, and more structure to the homework and lecture. Prospective students should
know that having prior knowledge of PYTHON is beneficial, the workload is high, and the lectures can be
frustratingly disorganized.
EN.570.421.01
Environmental Engineering Design II
Edward Bouwer, Benjamin Hobbs, Peter Wilcock
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands on nature of the work, working in groups, and the
real-world applicability of the project. Students were responsible for budgeting time, managing groups
work, and got to be creative and innovative. However, many students cited the lack of direction and the
disconnection of the topic from their prior classes as the worst aspects of the course. Additionally, the
topic of the design project is chosen prior to class. Suggestions for improving the course included giving
students a preview of the topic so they can better prepare, giving more hands on guidance during class
times, and keeping the topics connected more closely to the classes students have already had.
Prospective students should know that the course requires regular group work, and you may not know
exactly what you are doing until the semester is through, but it is exciting and very rewarding. This
course is highly recommended.
EN.570.423.01
Principles of Geomorphology
Peter Wilcock
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.428.01
Problems in Applied Economics
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
149
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
The best aspects of this course were the independent research and the relevant and intellectually
stimulating work. Many students cited this as one of the best preparations for a career in finance they
have had yet. However, the workload is high and the course is very challenging. Suggestions to improve
the course included more structure for class meetings, more regular feedback for students, and more
direction. Prospective students should know that this course requires a large time commitment, has a
steep learning curve, but is excellent training for a career in finance. This course is highly recommended.
EN.570.441.01
Environmental Inorganic Chemistry
Alan Stone
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the well organized and interesting lectures, the knowledgeable and
enthusiastic instructor, and the emphasis on homework. Many students thought the material itself was
interesting and intellectually rewarding. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of feedback
on homework leaving many students to wonder how they were doing in the course and the difficulty of
the course for those without a strong chemistry background. Suggested improvements to the course
include giving a brief review at the start of the semester and providing feedback on the work.
Prospective students should have a fairly strong background in chemistry, and be prepared to learn a
few computer programs independently.
EN.570.446.01
Biological Process of Wastewater Treatment
Edward Bouwer
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the well-structured lectures, the balance between technical work
and design work, and the field trip to the waste water treatment plant. Many students cited the time
needed to complete homework and the relatively low weight it was given as the worst aspect of the
course. To improve the course, shorter homework with better examples or references and more group
work were suggested. Prospective students should know that taking Engineering Microbiology first is
quite beneficial, and this course has a fairly heavy workload.
EN.570.448.01
Physical and Chemical Processes II
Kai Loon Chen
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students overwhelmingly cited the well-organized lectures and structured notes provided by the
instructor as the best aspect of the course. The instructor paused during lectures to give students time
to complete notes. However, the homework was difficult and often time grades were not returned until
much later, leaving many students unsure about their progress. More feedback on homework, clearer
150
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
expectations regarding exams, and shorter homework assignments were some suggestions for
improvement. Prospective students should know that details are more important than large concepts in
this class and working together in a group on homework is useful.
EN.570.452.01-02
Exper Meth Env Eng Chem
Alan Stone
Overall quality of class: 3.83
Summary:
The highlight of this course was the hands-on time in the lab. Various analytical instruments were used
and students had some independence in the work they were completing. However, many students did
not receive feedback on lab reports and at the end of the semester did not feel as though they had
learned much at all. More feedback on work and some direction on what the experiments were
designed to accomplish were suggested improvements to the course. Prospective students should know
that this course is quite beneficial for students interested in research or pursuing a PhD.
EN.570.470.01
Applied Econ & Finance
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
This class featured real world application of knowledge, a passionate instructor, and a discussion based
lecture. Many students cited this as the best class they had taken at Hopkins. The majority of students
could cite no negative aspects of the course; those who did only mentioned the time slot as the worst
aspect. A different class time, more analysis models, and time with other students were suggestions for
improving the course. Prospective students should know that this course requires a great deal of work,
but is highly recommended.
EN.570.491.01
Hazardous Waste Engineering and Management
Hedy Alavi
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the interesting material, the practical applications of the
material, and the relatively light workload. There is also a field trip to a hazardous waste treatment plant
which students found quite interesting. The worst aspects of the course were the long class time, long
lectures, and unclear expectations on projects. Suggestions for improvement include having shorter but
more frequent classes and adding variety to the lectures with multi-media presentations or guest
speakers. Prospective students should know that it is fairly easy to get a good grade in the course, the
workload is not heavy, and you will learn a good deal of practical information.
EN.570.496.01
151
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
Urban and Environmental Systems
Justin Williams
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the range of systems introduced, the practical nature of the
information, and the logical organization of the lectures, notes, and assignments. Many students cited
the work with modeling as interesting and useful. The worst aspects of the course were the slow paced
lectures, the ambiguous grading scale, and having only one exam. Suggested improvements to the
course included going over material faster, using PowerPoint for lectures, and including diagrams on the
lecture notes. Prospective students should know that though the lectures move slowly they are clear
and easy to understand, and the information is applicable to real world problems. The course and
instructor are recommended.
EN.570.601.01
IGERT Water, Climate and Health Colloquium
Grace Brush
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.607.01
Energy Policies & Plan Models
Benjamin Hobbs
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the challenging but rewarding assignments, energy modeling, and
an engaged and knowledgeable instructor. Many students found the information corresponded well
with material in other courses and what will be expected in the real world. However, many students
cited the heavy workload and the time spent on economics as the worst aspects of the course.
Suggestions for improvement included giving handouts online rather than on paper, reducing the
workload, and more examples in class of the homework problems. Prospective students should know
that the workload is high but the course is interesting and taught well.
EN.570.611.01
Natural Resource Economics
John Boland
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the multidisciplinary approach of the instructor, the in class
debates and discussions, and the overview of economic theory in relation to resources. The examples
and discussions were largely centered on real world problems, many of a very current nature. However,
152
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
students largely agreed that the short, timed quizzes did not measure their knowledge effectively and
thought too much weight was given to each answer. A different tool for assessing student knowledge
was a common improvement suggested, along with a change in reading material. Prospective students
should have a background in economics. The class is recommended.
EN.570.646.01
Water Quality and Treatment: Global Issues and Solutions
William Ball
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The highlights of this course included the variety of readings, mix of student disciplines, and the balance
of practice and theory. There was also a field trip to a water treatment plant which many cited as an
additional highlight. The disorganization of some lectures and the lack of clear learning objectives were
cited as negatives of the course. Suggestions for improving the course included putting more emphasis
on the lectures by the professors (as opposed to the student presentations), better time management, a
broader focus, and clearer learning objectives. Prospective students should know that the workload is
not too heavy but requires consistent attention. This is an interesting class for a variety of majors.
EN.570.657.01
Air Pollution
Joseph Ellis
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting topics covered, the knowledgeable and
approachable instructor, and the real life examples presented in class. The instructor was always willing
to pause lecture in order to answer questions, and was focused on his students understanding the
concepts rather than just passing exams. However, some students found the lecture style dry, and
thought the course materials were poorly organized. Suggestions for improving the course included
better organizing the course files and documents, providing more instruction on computer modeling,
and adding more visual aids to the lectures. Prospective students should know that the workload is fairly
low, only one exam, one paper, and a few problem sets. The instructor is more than willing to give
additional instruction to students and does not assume any background knowledge.
EN.570.676.01
Stochastic Programming
Joseph Ellis
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The highlight of this course was an instructor who was knowledgeable, approachable, and willing to take
time out of lecture to answer questions clearly and fully. Many students were interested in the material
and found it relevant and applicable to future careers. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of
organization in class. Some students wanted additional explanation of some programming concepts in
153
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
class. This was a common suggestion for improvement, as was better time management and focus in the
lectures. Prospective students should know that prior programming and familiarity with optimization is
useful, but the instructor is more than willing to help anyone who needs it. This course and instructor
are highly recommended.
154
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.210.102.01
French Elements II
Claude Guillemard
Overall quality of the class: 4.87
Summary:
The attentive nature of the instructor and interactive classes were the best aspects of this course.
Students were pleased and surprised at the amount of French they were able to learn over the course of
the full academic year. The feedback from the professor and in class group work was beneficial as well.
The sometimes repetitive and daily nature of homework or studying was the worst aspect of the course.
Suggested improvements included a better textbook, and more opportunities for conversation in class.
Prospective students should know that while there is a good deal of daily work, but the class is helpful
and engaging.
AS.210.102.02
French Elements II
David Hayden
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
Frequent quizzes that gave students a chance to recover from poor grades, along with the interesting
lectures with Mme. Guillemard were the best aspects of this course. The lessons and quizzes are
straightforward, and the opportunities to practice were abundant. An overreliance on the textbook was
cited as the worst aspect of the course. Less time in class on grammar and more time speaking would
improve the course. Prospective students should know that the course requires steady work in order to
succeed.
AS.210.102.03
French Elements II
Jena Whitaker
155
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The patient and helpful instructor and TA, along with the breadth of material covered were highly rated
elements of this course. The students learned culture along with language, and improved by leaps and
bounds over the semester.The course was fast-paced and required a good deal of studying to succeed.
These two aspects were given deux thumbs down by the students. A slower pace and more hands-on
cultural experiences are two suggestions for improvement. Prospective students should know that the
course requires regular work, but you will finish with a good foundation in French.
AS.210.102.04
French Elements II
Nicole Karam
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The approachability of the instructor, awareness of comprehension, and the addition of French culture
to the language were the best aspects of the course. The worst aspect of the course was the frequent
and sometimes tedious homework. A smaller class size with more opportunity for conversational
practice was suggested as an improvement to the course. Prospective students should be ready for
frequent short assignments, but know that these are essential to mastering a language.
AS.210.111.01
Spanish Elements I
Ian Rogers
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The small class size and helpful instructor were the best aspects of this course. Many students thought
the fast pace and the frequent English in the classroom were negative aspects in the course. Suggestions
for improvements to the course were to have more frequent but shorter class meetings, and to limit the
amount of English spoken while in class. Prospective students should know that by keeping up with the
material is essential to succeeding in this or any other language.
AS.210.111.02
Spanish Elements I
Alejandro Alvarez Herrera Lasso
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The instructor's enthusiasm, feedback, and use of real life rather than just the book were the highlights
of this course. Learning the language from a native speaker gave students additional insight to accents
and cultural linguistic traditions. The fast pace and frequent assignments were given the most negative
aspects of this course. A more even distribution of work over the semester was suggested as an
improvement to the course. Students interested in this class should know there is a good deal of work,
156
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
but this is a good first Spanish class.
AS.210.112.02-03
Spanish Elements II
Michelle Tracy
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The instructor is engaging and invested in her student's success, and Spanish is spoken often in class.
The cultural aspect to the course is also highly rated. Many students rated the fast pace of the material
covered as the worst aspect of the course. More group work during class and a slower pace were both
suggested improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that there is regular
homework and you will need to study often to become competent.
AS.210.112.04
Spanish Elements II
Christian Pack
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The instructor's availability and teaching style were the best aspects of this course. She was encouraging
and wanted to see her students succeed. The software program VoiceThread was the worst aspect of
the course, and many students suggested getting rid of it or having a better introduction to the program
prior to using it as ways to improve the course. A field trip and the requirement to speak only Spanish in
the classroom were some additional suggestions. Prospective students should know that there is a good
deal of work involved in the course, and taking it with Prof. Peck is highly recommended.
AS.210.152.01
Italian Elements II
Lorenzo Bacchini
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The highlights of this course were the small class size, the chances to practice in class, and the
instructor. Most students thought the discrepancy between the online activities and the textbook were
the worst aspect of the class. The most common suggestion was to use either the textbook or the online
activities to reduce to conflicting lessons. Prospective students should know that language courses take
more weekly practice and work outside of class to succeed, so you should be prepared to put regular
work into the class.
AS.210.152.02
Italian Elements II
Rebecca Lee Green
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
157
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Summary:
The immersion style of the course and the relaxed class dynamic were the best aspects of the course.
Uneven distribution of the work, a confusing online tool, and a large class size were rated as the poorest
aspects of the course. Limiting the number of students in one class to 15 and using a different online
tool were two suggestions for ways to improve the course. Prospective students should try to take the
course with this instructor, and make sure to stay on top of the workload.
AS.210.152.03
Italian Elements II
Beatrice Variolo
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The instructor's availability and willingness to help students, along with the opportunities to practice
speaking were the highest rated aspects of this course. Many students thought the amount of work, and
the impression that a good deal of it was "busy-work" was the worst aspect of the course. One
suggested improvement to the course was to remove the Sentieri exercises from the course. Prospective
students should know that there is a heavy work load associated with this course.
AS.210.152.04
Italian Elements II
Francesco Brenna
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Learning Italian from a native speaker, the cultural elements, and the conversational nature of the class
were the highest rated elements by students. The amount of work and the online exercises were cited
as the worst aspects of this course. The suggestions for improvement were more English spoken in class,
more Italian spoken in class, fewer online assignments, and more online assignments. There was,
however, agreement that students interested in this course should take it with the same instructor, and
make sure to keep up with the weekly assignments.
AS.210.162.02
German Elements II
Christiane Ketteler
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The instructor cultivated an atmosphere conducive to learning in this course, enabling the students to
work on reading, writing, and speaking in class. The small class size also lead to fruitful discussions. The
repetition was again cited as the worst part of the class. Much of the homework seemed like busy work,
and the syllabus was disorganized making it difficult to keep up with due dates. A more streamlined
Blackboard site and fewer worksheets were suggested as improvements to the class. Prospective
158
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
students should be prepared for the high workload, but know all your work will pay off. This instructor is
highly recommended.
AS.210.162.03
German Elements II
Deborah Mifflin
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course felt fully immersed in the language and gained extensive
knowledge of German culture as well. The instructor was very experienced and incorporated fun
activities. The course was fairly fast-paced, but the TA sections were both enjoyable and helpful. But, the
class required a ton of vocabulary memorization and workbook assignments. In addition, some students
felt like the instructor was not friendly and put them down. Suggestions for improvement include: a new
instructor, less work, and more practice before exams. Prospective students should know that class
participation is a big deal and the course will demand a great amount of their time.
AS.210.178.01
Portuguese Elements II
Mary Bensabat Ott
Overall quality of the class: 4.61
Summary:
The instructor for this course was unanimously rated as the best aspect of the course. She is passionate,
helpful, and effective. While many students struggled to find a negative in this course, a few mentioned
that they did not think there was enough instruction on basic vocabulary. Additional time for
conversational practice was the most recommended improvement. Students interested in this course
should know that it is a fun and engaging class, though you will need to do regular studying to really
understand the language.
AS.210.202.01
Intermediate French II
Olivia Sabee
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The small class size and the effective and patient instructor were the high points of this course. Low
participation during class discussions and some reading material were given poor marks from the
students. More participation and conversation with the whole class, as well as a bit more time with
French culture were both suggested as improvements to the course. Students interested in this course
should know that it is a good continuation from Intermediate French I.
AS.210.202.02
Intermediate French II
Ioana Cooper
159
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The instructor for this course was given high marks for her attentiveness and patience with her students.
The small class size and exposure to French films and music were also highly rated by students. Many
students found the online exercises to be repetitive and tedious, and struck many as busywork. An
improvement suggested by several students was to incorporate additional books or movies. Students
interested in this course should try to take it with this instructor.
AS.210.202.03
Intermediate French II
Ana Delia Rogobete
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The regular feedback, varied modes of learning, and patience of the instructor were the best aspects of
this course. Class discussions were often forced and clunky, and there is a good deal of weekly work.
Fewer short assignments or less of the online exercises were commonly suggested as way to improve
the course. Students interested in this course should know that the instructor was always willing to help,
and that the regular assignments will help you learn and retain the language.
AS.210.202.04
Intermediate French II
Kathryn Haklin
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
Students found that the patience of the instructor and the immersion into French culture and language
were the best aspects of this course. The most commonly cited negative for this course was the
frequent and sometimes tedious homework assignments. Suggestions for improvements varied, but
most frequent suggestion was to have more in-class discussions to practice speaking French. Prospective
students should know that while there is regular work assigned, your French will improve greatly.
AS.210.202.05-06
Intermediate French II
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The highlights of this course included the patient and knowledgeable instructor, the variety of learning
tools, and the open atmosphere which encouraged discussion. As in most language courses, students
gave the near-daily homework assignments deux thumbs down. Suggested improvements were to read
more short stories and watch more movies. Students interested in this course should know this is a fun
and interesting course which will improve your French skills.
160
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.210.211.02-04
Intermediate Spanish I
Barry Weingarten
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
Students thought the best aspects of this course were the variety of activities, class discussions, and
speaking only Spanish inside of class. The fast pace of the semester and the online activities were ranked
as the worst aspects of the course. Reducing or eliminating the online assignments and getting rid of the
VoiceThread program were both commonly suggested improvements. Students interested in this course
should know that there is a good deal of work, but it is manageable and all adds to your understanding
of the language.
AS.210.212.01-02; 05
Intermediate Spanish II
Paula Gefaell-borras
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the small class size, open discussions, and the cultural experiences
shared by the instructor and TA. The number of regular assignments and the online exercises were given
the worst rating for the course, and cutting down on the number of assignments or the use of the online
exercises were both suggested as ways to improve the course. Prospective students should know that
there is a large but manageable workload, but your Spanish will improve.
AS.210.212.03
Intermediate Spanish II
Amy Sheeran
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
Class discussions were interactive, and the instructor was engaging, patient, and made the course
interesting and fun. The frequent homework and online assignments were the most negative aspects of
the course. A more flexible attendance policy and fewer online assignments were suggested
improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that the workload is large but
manageable, and will help you improve your Spanish.
AS.210.212.04
Intermediate Spanish II
Barry Weingarten
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
161
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
The small class size and the focus on spoken language skill were the best aspects of the course. Many
students found the feedback to be either lacking or discouraging. Many students suggested reducing the
number of homework or online assignments as a way to improve the course. Prospective students
should know that the instructor can be intimidating, but the course will improve your Spanish skills.
AS.210.252.02
Intermediate Italian II
Teodoro Katinis
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The high points of this course included the variety of content covered and the patient and enthusiastic
instructor. Many students thought the instructor had their best interests in mind and wanted his
students to succeed. The amount of daily homework was by far the most cited negative in this course.
Reducing the homework assignments was the improvement suggested. Students interested in the
course should try to take it with this instructor, and should be ready to speak Italian as often as possible.
AS.210.252.03
Intermediate Italian II
Alyssa Falcone
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
Students gave the instructor high marks for her patient attitude and the way she encouraged
participation in class. The repetitive and frequent homework was the worst aspect of the course. Many
students suggested more emphasis on reading and writing, along with fewer homework assignments, as
improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that there is regular work that needs to
be completed, but this course is a good class to prepare for Advanced.
AS.210.262.01
Intermediate German II
Marcus Heim
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the instructor and the variety of topics covered in the class.
Students thought instructor Heim was approachable and patient, and made sure to include current
events in the discussion. The high number of homework assignments left many students saying nein.
Smaller class size and fewer homework assignments were two suggested improvements for the course.
Prospective students should know that though there are frequent assignments, you will really know
your German grammar by the end of the course.
AS.210.262.02
Intermediate German II
Heidi Wheeler
162
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The inclusion of so much German culture, literature, and film was the highlight of this course. Many
students also thought the relaxed nature of the class made it easier for them to practice speaking. Many
students thought the final project was the worst aspect of the course. More clearly delineated due dates
would improve the course. Students interested in the course should know that it is taught entirely in
German.
AS.210.278.01
Intermediate/Advanced Portuguese
Mary Bensabat Ott
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.302.01
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Bruce Anderson, Rebecca Powers
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the daily practice in writing and speaking French, and the
instructor. Mme. Powers was patient and enthusiastic, and created a comfortable atmosphere for
learning. However, some students found the course work repetitive and gave this aspect a poor rating.
Some areas to improve included more in-class discussion of the writing and different readings.
Prospective students should know that the expectations for the course are clear from the start, and this
is a great third year French course.
AS.210.302.02
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Julie Roy
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students rated the structure of the course and the enthusiastic instructor as the best aspects of the
course. Many students found that the regular feedback on written assignments helped them improve a
great deal. At times the topics covered were juvenile and the material seemed repetitive. Some variety
in the reading assignments and more conversation practice were suggested as improvements to the
course. Students interested in this course should know that with regular practice in and out of class you
will see a noticeable improvement over the semester.
AS.210.302.03
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
163
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Christian Kittery
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
Of the various aspects in this course, the instructor was given the highest rating. The students found him
to be helpful, clear in his instructions, and able to explain challenging concepts in understandable terms.
The grammar exercises were given the poorest marks by students, and said to be unorganized and
random. More chances for open discussion in class to practice conversational French was the most
commonly suggested improvement. Students interested in the course should know that it was a great
class and is highly recommended.
AS.210.302.04
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Maxime Leblond
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Many students found the discussions and the improvement in their writing skills the top aspects of the
course. However, the emphasis on grammar and lack of speaking practice were the lowest rated
aspects. Suggestions for improvements were giving more time to conversational French and the
additional of some smaller group projects. Prospective students should know that the emphasis in this
class is more so on writing than speaking.
AS.210.302.05-06
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Loise Leleve
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
Students rated the class discussions and the instructor as the best aspects of the course. Many students
gave the writing practice high marks as well. The reading topics and lack of speaking practice were given
the lowest marks from students. Additional practice speaking and more relevant reading topics were
suggested as improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that though there is
regular work, keeping up will improve your French noticeably.
AS.210.311.01-03
Advanced Spanish I
Sara Urruticoechea Romero
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The variety of reading material, Spanish language movies, and the opportunities to practice speaking
were the high points of this course. Many students found the assignments repetitive, and found many of
the online assignments more like busy work than helpful. Fewer Blackboard assignments and more
164
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
ungraded conversation practice were both suggested improvements. Prospective students should know
that the course requires almost daily work, but is overall appropriate after Intermediate I & II.
AS.210.311.03
Advanced Spanish I
Aranzazu Hubbard, Sara Urruticoechea Romero
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
Students from this course got a great deal out of the small class size, the structure of the class, and the
variety of class activities. Some students were not satisfied with the homework on Blackboard, and
would have liked more conversational practice. Additional time for conversation during class and fewer
daily assignments were suggested improvements to the class. Prospective students should know that
there is regular work involved so staying on top of the syllabus is key.
AS.210.311.04
Advanced Spanish I
Aranzazu Hubbard
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
Most students gave the in-class activities the highest ranking, saying they gained confidence because of
the practice. Additionally, students found the instructor enthusiastic about teaching and willing to help.
In ranking the worst aspects of the course, most students put the amount of daily work and the
repetitive nature of some assignments in that category. Some suggestions for improvement to the
course included having more analysis of readings and a better variety of assignments. Prospective
students should know that while the course requires a good deal of work, their Spanish will improve
exponentially.
AS.210.312.01
Advanced Spanish II
Sergio Ruiz-Perez
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the instructor and the time spent on conversational practice. Many
students thought the online assignments proved buggy and seemed repetitive. Improving the online
aspects and offering more time to practice conversation were suggested as improvements to the course.
Students interested in this course should know that the schedule is rigid, and taking the course with this
instructor is recommended.
AS.210.312.02-03
Advanced Spanish II
Naiara Martinez-Velez
165
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The instructor for this course was rated by most students as the highlight of the course. She structured
the course in such a way that kept students engaged, promoted conversation, and included cultural
information. Many students cited the repetitiveness of the work as the worst aspect of the course. A
broader variety of in-class activities, and limiting the number of students in a section were both
suggested improvements to this course. Prospective students should know that there is a good deal of
work required for the class, and it is taught completely in Spanish.
AS.210.313.01
Medical Spanish
Naiara Martinez-Velez
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Most students thought the highlights of the course were the material presented and the instructor.
Students gained knowledge directly applicable to future professions, from a patient and helpful
instructor. However, the daily homework and repetitive activities were both given low marks from most
in the class. Most students suggested better spacing of due dates as an improvement to the class.
Prospective students should know that having a strong foundation in Spanish is necessary.
AS.210.315.01
Spanish for International Relations
Maria Del Rosario Ramos
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.316.01
Conversational Spanish
Sergio Ruiz-Perez
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the teaching style and the emphasis on participation in class. Most
students had complaints regarding the online assignments, in particular the VoiceThread program. Many
thought the online assignments were too frequent and too repetitive. Better spacing between
assignment due dates, along with more emphasis on learning idiomatic phrases, were suggested
improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that though the homework assignments
are repetitive, the class was fun and interesting.
AS.210.317.01
Advanced Spanish Composition
Sara Urruticoechea Romero
166
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
Students thought the group writing assignments, effective instructor, and the level of writing were the
highlights of this course. However, many students found the emphasis on grammar, as opposed to a
mastery of composition, to be the worst aspect of the course. More complexity in the readings and
writing assignments was suggested as an area for improvement. Prospective students should know that
the challenge of this course varies a great deal based on your previous knowledge of Spanish. Some
students thought the material was repetitive, while others did not. The emphasis is on writing, but at
times the topics are bland.
AS.210.352.01
Advanced Italian II
Michele Zanobini
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Students from this course gave high marks to the instructor, the emphasis on Italian culture and history,
and the small class size. However, many students found the activities and homework repetitive. A better
variety of reading material and more time on conversational Italian were both suggested improvements
for the course. Prospective students should know that this course will give good practice in writing and
speaking Italian, but be prepared for a fairly heavy workload.
AS.210.362.01
Advanced German II: Contemporary Issues in the German Speaking World
Johannes Birke
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Many students ranked the open conversations during class and the variety of material presented as the
best aspects of this course. The amount of work required was given the lowest rank by most of the
students. Suggestions for improvements to the course included more opportunities to speak German in
class (either require only German be spoken or have class more often), and fewer homework
assignments. Prospective students should know that there is regular homework through the semester,
and participation is important to your final grade and overall comprehension of the language.
AS.210.362.02
Advanced German II: Contemporary Issues in the German Speaking World
Deborah Mifflin
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.405.01
167
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Teaching French in Public School-Community Based Learning
Claude Guillemard
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.411.01
Translation for the Professions
Maria Del Rosario Ramos
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the availability and communication from the instructor, and the
fluency students gained in Spanish idioms. Most students thought the time spent on translation theory
was the worst aspect of the course. Students suggested fewer weekly assignments and less time spent
on theory as improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that coming into the class
with a solid grasp on grammar is important. The class was fun and interesting.
AS.210.412.01
Spanish Language Practicum-Community Based Learning
Loreto Sanchez
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The highest rated aspect of this course by far was the chance to use Spanish in real-world settings. While
many students enjoyed the opportunity to get involved in the local community, some gave difficulties
finding an internship site the worst rating. More guidance from the instructor along with a wider variety
of partner organizations were suggested improvements to the course. Prospective students should
know that the experiences gained in the class are invaluable both personally and professionally.
AS.210.417.01
Eloquent French
Kristin Cook-Gailloud
Overall quality of the class: 4.92
Summary:
The best features of this course were the enthusiastic and engaging instructor, the range of common
phrases learned, and the improvement students saw in their writing. While students overall felt the
instructor was fantastic, many ranked her organization as the worst aspect of the class. Better
organization and more conversation opportunities were suggested improvements to the course.
Students interested in this course should know that it is highly recommended by the students.
AS.211.174.01-02
Media of Propaganda
168
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Bernadette Wegenstein
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the guest speakers. Students really enjoyed hearing about the
speaker's experiences and found their presentations to be refreshing. Many students also enjoyed the in
class discussions because they helped students feel comfortable with not understanding every aspect of
the reading. The discussions also pushed students to think critically and the professor was said to be
incredible. However, lectures tended to be scattered and unfocused many times, leaving students
feeling lost. Also, not every visiting lecture was respectful to the class. In addition, exams seemed too
detail oriented and there weren't enough opportunities to improve grades. It was highly suggested by
students that this class cut down the class size. The reading assignments are very important. Prospective
students should make sure they complete the readings so they can participate in discussions.
AS.211.312.01
Acting French: Learning about French language and culture
Kristin Cook-Gailloud
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
Prospective students looking for a fun and light improvisation class should consider enrolling in this
course. Students were able to perform their own plays in French and there was hardly any homework.
The flexibility and the reading and discussing of works of literature made this class entertaining and
appealing. However, since it was the first semester being taught, it was unorganized and students didn't
have enough time to complete their plays. Students suggested more memorization and emphasis on
public speaking to improve the quality of this course.
AS.211.330.01
Curating Media Artists in Residence at JHU
Bernadette Wegenstein
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course fell in love with the hands-on curating experience that they felt
they wouldn't have gotten in any other classroom. Students participated in artist talks and journeyed to
New York City and Washington, D.C. for field trips, and also became involved with independent research
on topics of their choice. However, students felt that course expectations were not made clear and
there was a lack of communication between them and the professor. In addition, the professor did not
lecture much, but instead organized for guest speakers to "teach." Students suggested that the
professor keep the course consistent with the syllabus and work on her organization. Prospective
students should enroll in this course simply to appreciate art.
AS.211.371.01
Kafka and the Kafkaesque
Andrea Krauss
169
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.211.380.01
Modern American Latin Culture
Cathleen Carris
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
Prospective students interested in learning new things about Latin American culture should enroll in this
course. Not only were students intrigued by the information, they were also excited about the mixture
of English and Spanish texts. In addition, the professor was willing to help students raise their grades if
they expressed concern. Many students felt that the student-led style of teaching was ineffective and
boring. Also, many students noticed a focus of Latin American history rather than the culture.
Suggestions for improvement include: a teacher-led class, more focus, and an emphasis on happy things
like food and music rather than dreary history.
AS.211.394.01
Brazilian Culture & Civilization
Mary Bensabat Ott
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
Students enrolled in this course explored different aspects of Brazilian culture all semester long. It was
obvious that the professor found joy in teaching others about her home country, and many students
thought the dance class at the end of the semester was the cherry on top. The caring nature of the
professor made students feel understood and the weekly questions and readings made it easy to study
for the final. Students were unhappy with the expensive price of the textbook, the inability to use
laptops, and the professor's lengthy and repetitive lectures. It was suggested that the class be shorter
and spread out throughout the week and also that there be more discussion. Prospective students
should know that little to no work would be required of them aside from two midterms.
AS.211.402.02-03
La France Contemporaine II
April Wuensch
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
Many students agreed that the professor for this course made sure that she kept the material
interesting and relevant to current events in France. There wasn't much work required for this course,
but it was mostly discussion-based. Food and film were enjoyable aspects of the course, and students
increased their vocabulary and public speaking skills. However, the professor was extremely
disorganized and she would switch from English to French frequently. In addition, things often felt
170
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
rushed and the course was always off schedule. Suggestions for improvement include: more structure
and clearer expectations, stronger feedback on assignments, and a better professor. Prospective
students should love interesting topics.
AS.212.334.01-02
Introduction  la literature Franaise II
Hanna Roman
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Prospective students for this course should be literature lovers. Many students agreed that they
received an introduction of French literature and French styles of writing. The presentations done by the
professor were great and the material overall was interesting. But, students found the most important
concept very hard to grasp, and it was worth 50 percent of their grades. To improve this course, it has
been suggested that the professor more thoroughly explain "explication" and restructure the class to
encourage more discussion.
AS.212.410.01
Toward Modernity: France 1848-1885
Jacky Neefs
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.212.417.01
Texts of/on the Terror from the French Revolution
Wilda Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course spoke highly of the professor. She was engaging, enthusiastic,
passionate, and knowledgeable about the subject matter. The small class size and the interesting topics
made this course enjoyable. The course did not include class discussion, which made it impossible for
students to follow, and the long class periods affected their focus. Suggestions for improvement include:
concise and focused readings and increased student participation. Prospective students should not be
worried about the work load because it is relatively easy to manage.
AS.212.430.01
Senior Seminar
Derek Schilling
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
171
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
This organized and fair paced seminar kept students in line with enforced deadlines and structure. The
feeling of completing this course was worthwhile, and students loved the freedom to work on
something that sparked their own interests. However, students complained about a lack of guidance
throughout the first semester. It was suggested that the first semester be used more efficiently and that
students receive more feedback from the professor. Prospective students should be able to stay on top
of their work and plan accordingly.
AS.213.318.01
The Making of Modern Gender
Katrin Pahl
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the awesome texts and discussions led by the professor. Many
students found this course to be intellectually stimulating and also informative. In addition, students felt
that the course was very applicable. Readings were often times extraneous and heavily focused on
German romance. The class size also seemed a bit too large for the course topic. Students suggested
more interactive activities and discussions and more course clarity. Students should prepare for
intellectually challenging material and dense readings.
AS.213.349.01
Weimar Cinema: The Golden Age of German Film
Katrin Pahl
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students enrolled in this course witnessed varying themes in the films they watched each week. They
had the opportunity to view some of the most famous German films, and participated in new
discussions. Many students agreed that they felt free to analyze the film according to their personal
opinions and that the teacher gave insightful feedback. However, students were required to write a 10-
page paper in German without fair preparation. Suggestions for improvement include: allotting break
time since the class period is so long and shortening paper length. Prospective students should have an
analyzing mind and be able to focus during a 2.5 hour long class.
AS.213.313.01
Kafka and the Kafkaesque
Andrea Krauss
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 of fewer comments.
AS.214.261.01
The World of Dante
Pier Forni
172
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course gave awesome reviews of the professor. According to
them, he was friendly and offered insight on a variety of writings such as the Inferno. Students also
found the midterm exam to be effective because they were required to identify passages and explain
their meaning. However, there was extreme pressure placed on students to ace both exams because
they were worth 80 percent of their final grade. In addition, students hoped for more emphasis on The
Divine Comedy. To improve this course, it was suggested that the grading system be amended.
Prospective students should take this course to receive an intriguing introduction of Dante.
AS.214.393.01
Italian Opera and the Art of Adaption
James Coleman
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the field trip to see a live broadcast of a MET opera and learning
about the evolution, Italian history, and foreign influences on Opera. Students were quite fond of the
professor and thought he was excellent. The only bad aspect seemed to be that the class met once a
week for 2.5 hours. Students naturally became bored and restless during this lengthy class period. To
improve the quality of this course, it was suggested that there be a brief review of opera terms at the
beginning for those who are not familiar. Regardless of a prospective student's prior knowledge this
course can still be fun and enjoyable.
AS.215.231.01
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Lauren Judy
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Many students agreed that they received a great introduction of Spanish and Latin American authors of
multiple eras during this course. They also agreed that it was evident to see the professor's passion for
the subject. She made her students feel like they were making progress although the course could be
difficult. But, students said that many of the readings were brutal and tricky for those polished in the
Spanish language. Suggestions for improvement include: a more focused curriculum and more quizzes
that cover less material. Prospective students should be comfortable with Spanish and be aware of the
5-page paper and presentation during the course.
AS.215.231.02
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Javier Valiente-Nunez
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
173
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Many students enrolled in this course found themselves at a higher level of reading comprehension in
Spanish when the semester concluded. The professor for this course was always prepared and puts tons
of effort into teaching his students. The TA was spoken highly of as well. He sent PowerPoints to
students and often gave feedback. However, there was too much breadth and not enough depth and
some students found the course boring. It was suggested that readings be condensed and more time be
spent analyzing works, rather than just scratching the surface. Prospective students should be proficient
Spanish readers.
AS.215.336.01-02
Don Quijote
Harry Sieber
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The full-of-life professor of this course made sure his students were highly entertained and never bored.
He was knowledgeable of the subject matter and offered a very deep analysis of the texts. Many
students also enjoyed visiting the Peabody library to see the history of the work that they were studying.
The assignment of reading two books made students feel rushed and overwhelmed. In addition, the
class periods fell on Fridays and students felt this was inconvenient. In order to improve the quality of
this course, it was suggested that there be more feedback given on assignments. Prospective students
should attain some background knowledge of Spanish literature prior to taking this course because they
might miss some of the references.
AS.215.343.01
Nacin criolla: cultura y literature en el siglo XIX
Nadia Altschul
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
According to students, there was never a dull moment in this class. The professor was extremely nice
and approachable, and students loved the mini class debates. Also, students learned about political
philosophy and its connection to literature. Although the course material was interesting, the readings
often times lacked appeal and some of the texts were challenging. Suggestions for improvement
include: more clarity on quiz material and the study of more art and literature. Prospective students
should be advanced when it comes to the Spanish language and be prepared for a 10-12 page paper at
the end of the course.
AS.215.422.01-02
Amor y romanticismo en una Novela y tres pelculas
Eduardo Gonzalez
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that students were able to meet and talk to the author of the novel
they read. Students loved being able to focus on one text during the entire course, and also being able
174
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
to watch movies. In addition, the course work load was light, and the professor was always enthusiastic.
The course seemed to be improvised and not planned out at all. Also, students wished there had been
more class discussion. To improve this course, it was suggested to include more structure and more
feedback on essays. This course is taught in Spanish, so prospective students must be fluent.
AS.215.398.01
Zionism, Post-Zionism and Modern Hebrew Literature
Neta Stahl
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Many students seemed to agree that the class size for this course was perfect. They also seemed to
enjoy the professor's teaching and the discussions that they participated in. The course provides an in-
depth analysis of the progression of Zionism throughout Israeli history. The only bad aspect was that the
course did not assess students enough to confirm learning. There were no suggestions for improving this
course and prospective students should have no problem reading large quantities.
175
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
HISTORY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.100.103.01-06
Occidental Civilization: Early Modern Europe and the Wider World
Gabriel Paquette
Overall quality of the class: 3.84
Summary:
The lectures in this course were interesting and included a wide range of topics, and both the professor
and the TAs were engaged with the students and passionate about the subject. These were ranked as
the highlights of the course. Many students thought the amount of reading and the lack of in-depth
information were the worst aspects of this course. More comprehensive notes from the lectures, or
recorded lectures were both suggested as improvements to the course. Additionally, many students
thought the number or length of the readings should be reduced. Prospective students should know
that there is a large amount of reading, but the course is a good survey of the time covered.
AS.100.104.01-06
Occidental Civilization: Early Modern Europe and the Wider World
Todd Shepard
Overall quality of the class: 3.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the lectures, which held students interest and covered a good
amount of material. Many students also enjoyed the readings. Interestingly, lectures and readings were
also rated by many as the worst aspects of the course. Eliminating the time spent on questions from
previous lectures, and giving more time for class discussions were suggested improvements to this
course. Students interested in this course should know that it is important to stay on top of the readings.
This is a broad overview rather than an in-depth course.
AS.100.111.01-02
Making America: The History of Black Americans, I
Nathan Connolly
176
HISTORY
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The content of this course, the lecture style, and the instructor were the highlights from this course.
Many students also cited the small class size and ability to ask questions during lecture as a high point.
Most students rated the multiple-choice quizzes as the worst aspect of the course. A commonly
suggested improvement was a change in the style of assessments from quantitative to qualitative.
Prospective students should know that this course is highly recommended by the students.
AS.100.122.01-04
Introduction to History of Africa (since 1880)
Pier Larson
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
The two novels assigned during this course were ranked by many students as their favorite thing about
this course. The topic covered and the breadth of material was also cited. Though the topic is
interesting, many students found the lectures dry and uninspired. Lecture slides and better discussion
sections were both suggestions for improving the course. Prospective students should know that there is
a good deal of reading expected, but the topic is very interesting.
AS.100.194.01
Undergraduate Seminar In History
Marina Rustow
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The independent research and consistent guidance from the instructor were the best aspects of this
course. Many students ranked the workload and stress as the worst aspects of the course. More time
between deadlines and more relevant readings were suggested improvements to the course.
Prospective students should know that the class is rigorous, requires dedication, and is very rewarding.
AS.100.194.02
Undergraduate Seminar In History
Gabriel Paquette
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The focus on independent research and the support and guidance from the instructor and TA were the
highest rated aspects of this course. Students felt a great sense of accomplishment and satisfaction at
the end of the semester. The short time between some deadlines was the most negative aspect of the
course. Some suggested improvements include an earlier start to the writing and researching sections of
the course. Prospective students should know that this course requires self-direction and dedication.
AS.100.204.01
177
HISTORY
Freshman Seminar: Abraham Lincoln and his America
Michael Johnson
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The instructor is passionate and knowledgeable about the subject, making an already interesting topic
better. The heavy weekly reading load and vague writing prompts were cited as the worst aspects of the
course. A different reading selection and more in-class discussion would improve this course.
Prospective students should know that this is a writing intensive course and requires a lot of reading,
but the subject matter is interesting and you will leave a Lincoln expert.
AS.100.216.01
Freshman Seminar: The Tudors: Reforming England
Jessica Walker
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The highlight of this course is by far the enthusiastic and knowledgeable instructor. Students thought
her insight on the topic and lecture style were the best aspects of this course. Readings that were often
difficult to obtain was the worst aspect of this course. A better list of the readings at the start of the
semester, or readings accessible online were suggested improvements. This course is highly
recommended, especially if this instructor is available.
AS.100.230.01
Bones, Blood, and Ecstasy: Religious Culture in Western Christendom, 1100-1700
Erin Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The knowledgeable and enthusiastic instructor and the fascinating material were the best aspects of this
course. However, the amount of reading and inconsistent distribution of work were rated the worst
aspects of the course. A smaller class size to encourage better discussions could improve this course.
Prospective students should know that there is a good deal of required reading, but if you are interested
in medieval history you will get a great deal out of this course.
AS.100.232.01
Gender in Latin American History
Norah Andrews
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
The unique material presented in this course, and the passion the instructor has for the subject was the
best aspects of this course. Some students thought the length of the class was the worst aspect. A few
thought the unguided, and often stalled in-class discussions detracted from the class most. More
178
HISTORY
guidance during discussions was the most suggested improvement. Students interested in the course
should know that the subject is interesting and unique.
AS.100.233.01
History of Modern Germany
Hanno Balz
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material, and the instructor's personal experience of
modern Germany. Many students cited only having three graded assignments as the worst aspect of the
course. More focused discussion sections and additional time between assignment and due date were
suggested improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that there is a fair amount of
reading and writing expected, but the subject material is engaging and interesting.
AS.100.330.01
National Identity in 20th Century China & Japan
Tobie Meyer-Fong
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The instructor of this course was engaging, enlightening, and truly knowledgeable about the subject.
The manner which the material was presented gave many students a new perspective on the area. The
back and forth between China and Japan, as well as the duration of some lectures were cited as
negatives in this course. Additional discussion in class and lecture notes could improve the class.
Prospective students should know that if you are a history major, and interested in looking at history in a
new way, you will get a great deal out of this class.
AS.100.340.01
Russian Imagination
Jeffrey Brooks
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The instructor for this course was far and away the highest rated aspect of the course. Students also
thought the material covered and the connections to current events were positive aspects of the course.
The volume of reading assigned weekly was given near-unanimous thumbs down for this course. A
lighter reading load was the most commonly suggested improvement for the course. Students
interested in this course should know that you will get a great deal of information from the course, and
if possible should take it with the same instructor.
AS.100.346.01
Soviet-American Cold War
Jeffrey Brooks
179
HISTORY
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
Professor Brooks was the best aspect of this course. He was knowledgeable, engaging, and available to
discuss the material with students. The events between Russia and Ukraine also become a current link
to past events, though that could not have been planned. The assignments in the class forced students
to hone their argument skills. The amount of reading due weekly was the most negative aspect of the
course, and was also cited as one area students thought could be improved. Prospective students who
are interested in the Soviet Union and the Cold War will thoroughly enjoy this course.
AS.100.348.01
20th-Century China
William Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting lectures, a knowledgeable instructor, and a TA who
was helpful and encouraging. Many students thought the subject matter covered was the best aspect of
the course. Many students were unsatisfied that the final grade is based on two assignments, both due
towards the end of the semester. This was commonly cited as an area for improvement, with some
students suggesting more small assignments or a midterm. Prospective students should know that
familiarity with Chinese is helpful but not necessary, and there is a high reading load.
AS.100.351.01
God, Self, Nation and Revolution in East European Jewish Life and Thought, 1860-1939
Kenneth Moss
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.354.01
History of Israel, 1948-1970
Kenneth Moss
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
Open and non-confrontational discussions, an interesting topic, and an instructor who was passionate
and engaging were the highest rated aspects of this course. The amount of weekly reading was the most
disliked part of this course. Many students suggested fewer readings as a way to improve the course.
Others would like to see a shorter class period, but more frequent meetings. Students interested in this
course should know that while there is a large amount to read, but the class is interesting and
informative.
AS.100.365.01
Culture & Society in the High Middle Ages
180
HISTORY
Gabrielle Spiegel
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The lectures were interesting and informative, and many students rated the instructor herself as the
highlight of the course. There were some students who felt the lectures lacked structure and rated this
as the most negative aspect of the course. Suggestions for improvement included facilitating better in-
class discussions and recording the lectures. Prospective students should know that this course is highly
recommended, and many said it was their favorite at the university.
AS.100.377.01
Colonial North America in Hemispheric Context
Matthew Heerman
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The structure of the class, the range of subject material, and an instructor who was engaged and
knowledgeable were all cited as the highlights of this course. The amount of reading and vague essay
assignments were the least appreciated aspects of the course. More clarity in grading and less reading
were suggested as improvements. Prospective students should know that while the amount of reading is
high, the instructor manages to cover a lot of material and keep it interesting.
AS.100.380.01
In Turner's Footsteps: History and Historiography of the American Frontier
Francois Furstenberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The readings, the topic, and the engaging discussions were the best aspects of this course. A few
students were sad to see the semester end. Many students felt the discussions were unorganized and
were a negative aspect in the course. Giving a few short papers for more graded work, and more
background lecture (to supplement discussion) were two suggestions for improvements. Prospective
students should know that the class is dependent on the discussions, so completing the readings for
class is imperative.
AS.100.388.01
European Intellectual History from Adam Smith To Nietzsche
Peter Jelavich
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
Engaging discussions, interesting readings, and a knowledgeable and effective instructor were all the
highest rated aspects of this course. While some students gave the time of the class poor marks (9 am),
others said not having required attendance because of the time of the class was the worst aspect.
181
HISTORY
Changing the time of the course to encourage better discussion was one possible improvement.
Prospective students should know that while the reading load seems daunting, the material is
interesting and the instructor does a wonderful job unpacking all the material.
AS.100.397.01
American Histories, Male and Female
Mary Ryan
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
This course featured interesting readings, stimulating discussions, and an instructor who was patient
and engaging. Some students thought that the course was more like an English course than History, and
rated this as the most negative facet of the course. Additional structure in discussion through guided
questions or specific passages was suggested as an improvement to the course. Prospective students
should know that there is a good amount of reading, but the topic is fascinating and explored in a novel
way.
AS.100.422.01
Society & Social Change in 18th Century China
William Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
The highest rated features of this course include the knowledgeable and approachable instructor, the
insightful class discussions, and the new perspective on the typical view of the region. The lowest rated
aspect of the course was the sometimes dry readings. Additional guidance or background to the
readings would be a useful improvement. Prospective students should know that the reading is essential
to a good class experience. Professor Rowe is highly recommended.
AS.100.442.01
The Intellectual History of Capitalism, 1900 to present
Angus Burgin
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
Summary:
The variety in reading selections, compelling class discussions, and an engaged and passionate instructor
were all given top marks in this course. Some students felt the dry readings and uneven class
participation were the worst aspects of the course. Students agreed that meeting more than once a
week would improve the course. Prospective students should know that the course is not easy, but the
intellectual challenge and interesting material made this course highly recommended.
182
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
HISTORY OF ART DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.010.102.01-04
Introduction to History of European Art II
Stephen Campbell
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The professor of this course was able to teach his students about a wide range of artistic movements
while being both clear and organized. Students also found the TA very helpful and supportive. Although
there was a great amount of information to discuss, the professor made sure that he put emphasis on
important movements and pieces of art. The exams and the readings seemed to be the worst aspect of
the course because students were expected to memorize enormous amounts of artwork and the
readings were dense. Students also noted that the professor was tardy almost every class period. It was
suggested that the professor send out reading assignments further in advance and clearly state the
format of the exams to improve the quality of this course. Prospective students should expect a pretty
easy class with a hefty bulk of reading.
AS.010.110.01
Art of the Islamic World
Rebecca Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
This amazingly taught course took a look at Islamic art and the thought behind it ranging from the
ancient past to the present. The class size was small and the professor gave each of her students
individualized attention as well as feedback on papers. Students said that the course was well structured
and engaging. As far as papers go, the professor had specific expectations for writing style and students
found that annoying. This class was also at 9 a.m., so prospective students should be comfortable
waking early. Field trips and guest lecturers are said to improve the quality of this course.
AS.010.203.01
Abstraction
183
HISTORY OF ART
Molly Warnock
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course agreed that the professor was an excellent speaker and
her lectures were engaging and interesting. Students were excited about their field trips to the BMA and
felt it have them the hands-on experience that they needed in dealing with museums. The class felt
organized, fun, and compelling. However, many students felt that the course readings were dense and
were not fully related to the class. In addition, students would have found it helpful to have PowerPoints
along with lectures because often times they missed what she was saying because of how quickly she
spoke. Suggestions for improvement include: fewer readings, more discussion, and a new projector that
works. Prospective students shouldn't be discouraged from taking this course if they aren't an Art
History major.
AS.010.208.01
The Disappearing Wall: Roman Frescoes in Context
Shana O'Connell
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
This specific course focuses on art history and archeology. Students took a detailed look at Roman wall
painting and engaged in deep discussions. Many students agreed that the professor was wonderful at
giving feedback and was not afraid to admit when she didn't know the answer to a question. In addition,
students felt that sometimes class discussions would veer off subject and that the class might take a
little getting used to for those who are not Art History majors. Suggestions for improvement include: an
increase of discussion and a more detailed explanations of mythological stories. Prospective students
should expect an organized class that offers a variety of components such as reading, discussion, an
exam, and writing pieces.
AS.010.213.01
Medieval Renaissances
Rachel Danford
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
During this course, students felt free and expanded upon their knowledge about art and the history
surrounding it. The course did not require a lot of work, which allowed students to feel at ease about
learning without the pressure of exams. However, the basement location of the class was not ideal for
students, and the readings became time consuming. It was suggested that more students enroll in this
course to spark greater discussion. It was also suggested that the class be a little more structured. This
course requires a lot of reading, but prospective students should feel relieved that the professor is
sweet and more than willing to help if someone needs it.
AS.010.216.01
20th Century Italian Art
184
HISTORY OF ART
Katharine Johnson
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The professor for this course clearly knew everything to there was to know about the topic of study. Her
passion shined through her lectures as she explained things clearly for her students. She also was able to
tie in political and cultural history while explaining every movement. However, many students felt that
the lectures were at times disjointed, resulting in them feeling less prepared for the midterm and final.
Students suggested that further class discussions would improve the quality of this course. Prospective
students should remember that the results they get from the class will depend on the time they put into
the class.
AS.010.312.01
Surrealism
Molly Warnock
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the exhibition aspects, the professor's obvious enthusiasm, and the
course material. Students were granted the opportunity to curate an exhibition together and watch
their work come together in a tangible object that could be seen by the entire university. Many students
also enjoyed the depth of reading analysis in relation to the artists they focused on. But sometimes the
readings were difficult to understand and very long. Students suggested that a much smaller class size, a
shorter lecture time with more class periods per week, and more structure would improve the quality of
the course. This course splits its time between Art History and the curation of journals, so prospective
students should be aware of that.
AS.010.319.01
Medieval Art and Architecture of the Holy Land
Nino Zchomelidse
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
During this course, students were able to broaden their horizons by learning the subject matter. They
appreciated the guest lecturers and found the material intriguing. The small class environment made
individualized attention a no brainer and the assigned papers encouraged students to study their topics
in depth. Occasionally, lectures were boring and the professor's expectations for both assignments and
class discussions were often unclear. It was suggested that more class discussions and better
communication between students and the professor would improve the quality of this course.
Prospective students should expect an average work load and to take their knowledge of the Holy Land
to the next level.
AS.010.324.01
Art and Architecture in the Augustan Age
Pier Luigi Tucci
185
HISTORY OF ART
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course found the professor to be very accessible and willing to assist his
students. They also could see that he loved the course material and was dedicated. A vast range of art
was covered throughout this course and the lectures were always easy to follow and organized. But
students found it complicated to digest all of the information that was packed into a short period of
time. Many students also agreed that lectures were sometimes lackluster. Suggestions for improvement
include: more discussion and fewer PowerPoints, shorter class periods, and comprehensible course
instructions and syllabus. Prospective students should know that requirements for this course are
minimal and they should have an interest in Roman art.
AS.010.334.01
Problems in Ancient American Art
Lisa Deleonardis
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
This refreshing course forced students to think outside of the box and delve deeper into the objects of
creation and history. Many students found the professor's hands-on approach to teaching very
liberating. The course included museum visits, interactive lectures, and the exploration of unfamiliar
topics. Grading for the course is only based on two tests and two essays, and many students found this
harsh. It was also hard to take notes because of the pace and the slideshows mostly contained photos
which did not include enough information. To improve the quality of this course, students suggested
that the professor begin to put lecture notes on the slideshow so that it is easier to follow. For
prospective students' knowledge, there are no textbooks required for this course and the work load is
fairly light.
AS.010.353.01
Key Moments in East Asian Politics & Visual Culture
Rebecca Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
This discussion-based course inspired students to think about topics deeply in an open atmosphere. The
professor for this course was passionate and approachable. Many students agreed that although the
seminar met for 2.5 hours at a time, it was productive and dynamic experience. The course readings
were generally understandable and reasonable in length. The only bad expects seemed to be the intense
writing and required readings length. Students suggested breaking the seminar into two days instead of
one and fewer essay assignments to improve the quality of this course. Prospective students should be
prepared to do an immense amount of reading and writing.
AS.010.364.01
Babylon: Myth and Reality
Marian Feldman
186
HISTORY OF ART
Overall quality of the class: 3.53
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course witnessed themselves becoming excited about the material they
learned. They also thought that the professor did a superb job of explaining concepts and the changing
perceptions of Babylon throughout history. The professor also made assignments clear for the most part
and was friendly. However, many students complained about the midterm requiring too much
memorization, lack of discussion, and a failure to put grades on Blackboard. Suggestions for
improvement include: more engaging class discussions, easier exams, and more interactive lectures. This
course is great to fill requirements and prospective students would be glad to know that the work load is
reasonable.
AS.010.408.01
Venetian Art and the Mediterranean 1440-1560
Stephen Campbell
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
187
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.140.106.01-04
History of Modern Medicine
Daniel Todes
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
Students almost unanimously found the lectures in this course to be the best aspect. Additionally, the
passion of the instructor for the topic, and the useful and informative discussion sections received high
marks. Students gave the sheer amount of reading and writing for the course the worst ranking.
Suggested improvements to the course included fewer reading assignments and better lecture notes.
Prospective students should know that though there are several reading and writing assignments, the
course material is quite interesting and provides a good introduction to the topic.
AS.140.111.01
Freshman Seminar
Maria Portuondo
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The connections between cultures and technology were examined in this course, which is a topic that
most students found very interesting. The instructor was knowledgeable on the subject and was
enthusiastic. Many students thought the assignments were difficult to understand and often lacked
clarity. More focused guidance on the writing assignments, like requiring a draft, was suggested as an
improvement to the course. Prospective students should know that while the readings and assignments
can be a bear, the course is interesting and a good addition to a freshman schedule.
AS.140.123.01
Johns Hopkins: The Idea of a University
Stuart Leslie
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
188
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
Summary:
The inside-look at Hopkins, and frequent field trips were the best aspects of the course. Students had
the chance to explore various buildings on campus and got behind the scenes tours. Many students
gave the readings low marks, while others found the course became repetitive towards the end of the
semester. Some suggested improvements included more consistency throughout the semester, and a
larger space for the class. Prospective students should be prepared for weekly readings. This course is
recommended by most students.
AS.140.302.01-02
Rise of Modern Science
Sharon Kingsland
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The highlight of this course for most students was the interested material and the chance to learn
without constant worry about their grade. Additionally, many students found the discussion sections
enlightening. The essay assignments were given the worst score by students. Many found the grading to
be harsh and the overall assignment unclear. More guidance with the essay assignments or assigning
tests rather than essays were both suggested improvements to the course. Prospective students should
know that despite the writing involved, the course is interesting and gives a good foundation of
knowledge.
AS.140.304.01
Medicine for and by Women in Early Modern Europe
Gianna Pomata
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The interactive discussions in class, the passion of the instructor, and the interesting material were all
rated as the best aspects of this course. Many students did not have anything negative to say about the
class, though a few mentioned only two graded assignments as the worst aspect of the course. More
graded assignments and more time to discuss readings were suggestions for improvement. Students
interested in this course should know that the grade is largely based on a 20-page paper, but the
instructor is more than willing to help along the way.
AS.140.327.01
Science and Utopia
Robert Kargon
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
This course was given high marks for the interesting material covered and the fascinating readings.
Many students didn't have a sense of their grade because of slow or lack of feedback. Improvement to
the feedback from the instructor and more time for longer readings were recommended. Prospective
189
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
students should know that though the feedback is often lacking, the course is very interesting especially
for those interested in utopia/dystopia. The course is recommended by the students.
AS.140.368.01
Technological Transformations
Maria Portuondo
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
This course was highlighted by its fascinating subject matter, the engaging discussion sessions, and the
relaxed atmosphere in the classroom. The readings were almost unanimously panned by the students,
and many found the readings dry and disconnected from the rest of the course. A change in readings
and more time for discussions were suggested improvements to the course. Prospective students should
know that this course is highly recommended, especially if you enjoy thinking about the "what if's" in
technology.
AS.140.376.01
A Second World Within the World of Nature: The History of Geographic Thought
Matthew Franco
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.140.398.01
Godzilla and Fukushima: Japanese Environment in History and Films
Yulia Frumer
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
This course was given high marks for the nature of the course. The information was fascinating, the
movies and readings were engaging, and the instructor was passionate and knowledgeable. Many
students also gave the student-led discussions a high rating. Several students found the workload to be
a burden, especially assignments due on Sunday evenings and movie times. One suggestion for
improvement was to give better guidelines regarding the student presentations. Prospective students
should know that though there is a fairly high time commitment for this course, most students thought
it was the best course they had taken at Hopkins thus far. This course is highly recommended.
190
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
HUMANITIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.300.395.01
Stages of Comedy: Theory & Practice
Richard Macksey
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The generous professor of this course opened up his home to his students for every class period. He
provoked discussions during class and offered also insight. Students were pleased with the light
workload and the freedom to speak out on class. However, students never received graded feedback
from the professor all semester, class expectations were unclear, and classes tended to lack focus. It was
suggested that there be a syllabus to be followed and more general clarity for all aspects of the class in
order to improve the quality of this course. Prospective students will learn a great deal from a legend.
AS.300.399.01
Cinema and Philosophy
Paola Marrati
Overall quality of the class: 2.94
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the films and the fact that it only met once a week. Philosophy and
movie lovers enjoyed this course because students were able to watch films, analyze them, and relate
them to philosophical readings. Students complained of last minute class cancellations, no clear grading
system, and extreme disorganization. Suggestions for improvement include: a new professor, a change
in structure, and an explanation of grades. Prospective students should beware of this class if they
prefer organization and a straightforward approach of teaching.
191
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.650.445.01
Practical Cryptographic Systems
Matthew Green
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
This course explored up-to-date crypto stories and recent attacks on cryptographic protocols. At the
beginning of each class, the instructor would ask the class about what was happening in the world of
cryptography and he usually spent about half of class time discussing that. Grades were not returned
until half way through the semester and it seemed that the instructor didn't have time to teach this
course. He missed eight classes and he didn't respond to emails or have available office hours.
Suggestions for improvement include: more practical assignments, better organization, feedback on
tests and assignments, and slowing down on the math portion. This class was difficult, so prospective
student should have a mathematical background.
EN.650.652.01
Healthcare Security Management
Darren Lacey
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
Students enrolled in this course were given a brief introduction to the American healthcare system. The
professor was liked and the final exam was fair. However, some of the terms were hard to grasp for
students that had no previous experience. Students suggested more interactive classes with information
on healthcare systems in different countries and more homework. Prospective students who want an
introduction to managing security in a healthcare organization should take this course.
EN.650.654.01
Computer Intrusion Detection
Xiangyang Li
192
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.650.655.01
Implementing Effective Information Security Projects
Michael Kociemba
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
This course offered students a strong introduction to the role of information security in organizational
strategy, and the professor did a great job of relaying content in a practical way using real world
examples. The professor was also very responsible and patient with his students. Unfortunately,
students complained about his lack of lecturing skills and enthusiasm. Also, the security related
legislation about U.S. Federal Organization was difficult to understand, especially for international
students. It was suggested that the professor call on students to provoke discussion and be more
energetic, that lectures be more organized and that tests be less intensive. If prospective students are
not native English speakers they might experience challenges with the essays.
EN.650.657.01
Advanced Computer Forensics
Timothy Leschke
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students said that a wide range of forensics topics were exposed to them during this course. There was
also a writing component included in the course where students were expected to write and evaluate
conference papers. Feedback was given on papers and presentations, which helped students improve
their writing skills. But the course lacked hands-on and interactive aspects and many students did not
enjoy writing research papers and summaries. To improve this course, it was suggested that there be
more guest lectures and real world application. Prospective students looking to address their reading
and writing skills would be interested in this course.
EN.650.661.01
Human Factors in Information Security
Xiangyang Li
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course seemed to be the projects and the information gained. Students liked
working in teams and received an introduction to information that was not covered in classes they took
previously. It was said that this course is a bridge to HCI and some software design regulations. The
worst aspects of this course were the project requirements, the lack of a concentrated topic, and the
skewed work load towards the second half of the semester. Suggestions for improvement include:
implementation of a better textbook/articles, requiring programming tasks, and making homework
193
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE
different than the projects. Prospective students should have some software engineering background.
EN.650.737.01
Information Security Projects
Anton Dahbura, Xiangyang Li
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the original research and the presentations from different agencies.
During the original research, students were able to focus on a specific aspect of information security
while studying to solve a problem. The presentations informed students on what skills are in demand.
Students also enjoyed the opportunity to have companies directly recruit them. The worst aspect was
that class never started on time and people would walk in late. Suggestions for improvement include:
adding John's Hopkins professor who do research in information security as speakers, arranging more
seminars from top-level companies, and serving bagels instead of cookies in the mornings. Prospective
students should take this course if they want to figure out which agencies and companies would suit
them best.
194
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
JEWISH STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.193.201.01
Early Modern Jewry in Europe and the Mediterranean
Elliott Horowitz
Overall quality of the class: 2.33
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
195
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.361.131.01
Introduction to Latin American Studies II
Sara Castro-Klaren
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The small group atmosphere of this course created a great environment for learning. The professor for
this course clearly cared about her students and wanted them to do well. Many students attested to
learning large chunks of information in short periods of time and grasping the knowledge to
differentiate timelines. The professor often strayed from the syllabus and she was a strict grader. In
addition, there were a lot of disruptions during presentations. Students suggested that this class meet
more than once a week and follow a schedule to improve the quality of this course. Prospective
students should know some background information and should not enroll in this course if they are used
to a consistent schedule.
AS.361.170.01
NI DE NI DE AQUI NI DE ALLA: Introduction to Latino Studies
Santiago Solis
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The professor of this course incorporates outside of class learning into his teaching style. Students were
able to attend events and listen to guest speakers. The viewing of documentaries and the reading of a
variety of books made students love the course. However, for the first month of class, students were
required to read one book per week, and they felt it was unreasonable. Also, a mandatory event that fell
on a weekend had students feeling displeased. Suggestions for improvement include: a decrease of
reading assignments and a change of events being mandatory to extra credit. Prospective students do
not need any background knowledge for this course.
AS.361.350.01
Mestizaje and Race in Latin America
196
LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES
Anaid Reyes Kipp
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
Prospective students should be interested in race relations and Latin American Studies because this
course covered a variety of case studies regarding race dynamics. The discussions were successful
because of the personal atmosphere and group presentations allowed students to exhibit their
knowledge. Students disliked that this class was in the late afternoon and that the course focused
mostly on Mexico, without including other Latin American countries. It was suggested that this course
be turned into a seminar with less lecture and more discussion because of the class size. Prospective
students should be prepared for weekly readings and weekly response papers.
197
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
MATERIAL SCIENCES AND ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.510.107.01-02
Modern Alchemy
James Spicer
Overall quality of the class: 4.41
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course enjoyed the lectures that made them want to come to class each
day. The material was interesting and presented in a unique way, and the course was described as the
magazine "Popular Science." Also, there was a minimal amount of work and the professor had an
exciting personality. However, students disliked being called on to participate, the papers, the grading
system, and the large class size. It was suggested that there be fewer readings, more guest speakers,
and more interaction with the class. Prospective students who are looking for a fun, senior spring class
should take this.
EN.510.201.01
Introductory Materials Science for Engineers
En Ma
Overall quality of the class: 3.19
Summary:
This course was all about the chemistry behind materials. Students learned about the properties of
materials and ways to alter them, and the lecture slides were available online. In addition, the professor
was always willing to lend a helping hand whenever students asked for it. But homework and exams
didn't match up, and there was no other way to boost grades other than homework and exams. Also,
lectures were boring, which made it difficult to pay attention. Suggestions for improvement include:
incentives for students who attend class, more interactive activities, no true/false questions on exams,
and less reliance on the PowerPoints while teaching. Prospective students should know that this course
is Chemistry oriented.
EN.510.202.01
Computation and Programming for Material Scientists and Engineers
198
MATERIAL SCIENCES AND ENGINEERING
Martin Ulmschneider
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
This course was basically a thorough overview of Matlab and general programming syntax. Students
were able to learn new things while strengthening their problem solving skills. Also, teamwork was
encouraged, and the TA's were extremely helpful. The work load was heavy, consisting of six projects,
the pace was fast, and the work was time consuming. Suggestions for improvement include: less work,
more guidance, more lectures, and a prerequisite before this class. Prospective students should prepare
to do a lot of work outside of class.
EN.510.301.01
Mech-Property Materials
Timothy Weihs
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The instructor of this course effectively taught his students the material while keeping them engaged.
Students learned a great deal about materials behaviors, and notes were provided so that the textbook
wasn't required. Also, practice problems were done during class and real world examples were referred
to in order to make abstract ideas more understandable. However, students complained about the
computational modules, the exams, and the notes being hard to follow at times. Suggestions for
improvement include: a new textbook, structured notes and material, lecture videos, extra credit, and a
more reflective grading system. Prospective students should be prepared for a graduate level course.
EN.510.314.01
Electron Prop-Material
Theodore Poehler
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course enjoyed the interesting material covered. The instructor handed
out an organized packet of notes so that students could follow along, and the term paper allowed them
to expand their knowledge to applicable outside research projects. Also, many students felt that the
information retained from this course would be useful for their major. Students were not too fond
about the 9 a.m. class time, the lack of time allotted for test completion, the confusing computational
modules, and the lack of feedback on homework problems. To improve this course, it was suggested
that lectures be more engaging, show more problem-based explanations, and have an accessible TA.
Prospective students should be aware that although the tests are open note, they are very lengthy.
EN.510.315.01
Physical Chem of Mat II
Timothy Mueller
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
199
MATERIAL SCIENCES AND ENGINEERING
Summary:
The professor of this course did a marvelous job of teaching his students in a clear and professional
manner. He was willing to answer all questions and made sure that everyone was grasping the content.
The tests were fair and the problem sets taught concepts to students although they were difficult. The
only complaints that students had were the length of the problem sets, the TA not being available
enough, and some students felt that the computational modules disrupted the lecture. Suggestions for
improvement include: an available TA, in class practice problems, video lectures, PowerPoints, and dates
added to the notes posted on Blackboard. Prospective students should expect a challenging course, but
fair grading.
EN.510.421.01
Nanoparticles
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The students enrolled in this course were taught how to be scientists and researchers through writing
reviews of scientific articles. The professor was very approachable and relatable and was not afraid to
admit when she didn't know the answer to a question. The course also covers a broad range of subjects.
However, students were expected to come into the course with a great amount of background, although
there are no prerequisites. Also, the lecture slides were fill in the blank, the midterm was poorly
defined, and some aspects of the class were disorganized. Suggestions for improvement include: a
better notes system, a second midterm, and more interactive activities. Prospective students looking for
a course with a manageable workload will be interested in this course.
EN.510.422.01
Micro and Nano Structured Materials & Devices.
Howard Katz, En Ma
Overall quality of the class: 3.39
Summary:
This course presented a survey of different aspects of nanotechnology and offered students the
opportunity to research the field on their own and improve upon their presentation skills. According to
many students, the class was easy and the course load was fairly light, including short writing
assignments and one presentation. The lectures were boring but mandatory, organization was poor, and
there were absolutely no incentives for learning. Also, presentations took up a lot of class time.
Suggestions for improvement include: more engaging activities and lectures, more structure, more
discussion, and a midterm. This course is great for prospective students who want to expand upon their
knowledge of nanotechnology.
EN.510.424.01
Physical Science of Paper
John Baty
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
200
MATERIAL SCIENCES AND ENGINEERING
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course really enjoyed the hands-on experiences and field trips.
The content was also interesting and the professor was quirky. Also, during class, students made their
own paper. The tests were a low ranking aspect of the course because students typically didn't know
what to expect. It was suggested that there be review sessions before exams and that the course overall
be more organized and structured. Prospective students looking for a refreshing elective should enroll.
EN.510.429.01
Materials Science Laboratory II
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
During this course, the application of principles learned in previous classes was experienced by students.
Through labs, students were given a basic idea of electrical properties of materials. Many students raved
about the transistor lab because they were able to use their knowledge of electricity and magnetism to
complete it. Also, the professor was very kind and cared about her students. The worst aspects of this
course were the lab reports, the labs being done in groups, and repetitive assignments. Suggestions for
improvement include: clearer lab guidelines, more theory discussion, and some degree of individual
assessment. Prospective students should be able to stay on top of their reports.
EN.510.434.01
Senior Design/Research II
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.439.01
Biomaterials Senior Design II
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
Students were able to work on an independent project and gain research experience through this
course. However, students complained about the amount of time this class took, the number of
assignments, and the lack of guidance from the research group. It was suggested that unnecessary
assignments be removed, that there be clearer assignment expectations, and better group interaction.
Prospective students shouldn't be afraid to talk to the instructor because she will be helpful.
EN.510.456.01
Introduction to Surface Science
Robert Cammarata
201
MATERIAL SCIENCES AND ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.603.01
Phase Transformation
Jonah Erlebacher
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the lectures which were insightful and included interesting anecdotes
and careful mathematical development. Students also thought that the oral final exam was a nice bonus
and a great way to practice for the qualifying exam. In addition, the homework assignments were
difficult yet relevant and helped solidify course concepts. The worst aspects were the low TA
involvement, the homework's confusing questions, and the class being taught verbatim from the notes.
Suggestions for improvement include: a practice oral exam, an involved TA, consistent homework
grading, and prepared PowerPoints. Prospective students should have a strong understanding of
thermodynamics.
EN.510.604.01
Mech Props of Materials
Todd Hufnagel
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
Prospective students seeking a challenging course that dives deep into Mechanic Properties of Materials
should enroll in this course. The content was useful and practical, and the homework is designed in a
way that promotes understanding. The teaching style of the instructor was effective and organized and
the pace was comfortable for most students. The long problem sets and exams were challenging, the
instructor wrote too quickly on the board, and homework problems covering material that students
weren't taught yet were assigned. Suggestions for improvement include: exam/midterm review, no
more bad jokes, more information about fracture incorporated, and vary lecture pacing.
EN.510.606.01
Chem Bio Properties/Mat
Margarita Herrera-Alonzo
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.612.01
Solid State Physics
Theodore Poehler
202
MATERIAL SCIENCES AND ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.615.01
Physical Prop-Material
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.632.01
Introduction to and Applications of Scanning Probe Microscopy
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.656.01
Introduction to Surface Science
Robert Cammarata
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
203
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
MATHEMATICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.110.106.01-03
Calculus I
Richard Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
According to students, the professor of this course did a commendable job of explaining the theory,
formulas and concepts of study. He always began class asking if students had questions, and it was
obvious that he cared about his students grasping the material. The amount of work required for
problem sets was overwhelming and the homework and exams were complicated. Many students
agreed that the homework was weighted too heavily, and that it should've been used as a learning tool
instead of a way to decrease grades. Suggestions for improvement include: cutting down on homework,
easier tests, and more time to review material. Prospective students should prepare for a demanding
work load.
AS.110.107.01-08
Calculus II (For Biological and Social Science)
Vamsi Pingali
Overall quality of the class: 3.32
Summary:
The professor for this course assured that his students understood the subject matter by doing multiple
examples of identical problems. Many students were relieved that exams actually reflected what they
learned in class, and found it refreshing that the professor could be humorous while still doing his job.
The fast pace of the course made many students feel uncomfortable and there was a large amount of
information packed into a small amount of time. To improve the quality of this course, it was suggested
that the syllabus and pacing be revised, and that the exams be weighted more heavily. A strong
background in Calculus I is highly recommended.
AS.110.109.01-05
Calculus II (For Physical Sciences and Engineering)
204
MATHEMATICS
Maxim Arap
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the kind and well-seasoned professor. Many students agreed that his
teaching style was very clear and he provided ample time for problem practice. The exams were also
straightforward and reflected homework assignments. The amount of homework was fair and the
course provided students with an understanding of Calculus II. The worst aspect seemed to be the
amount of homework. It was suggested by students that the number of topics covered be reduced so
that there can be more focus on mastering each one. Prospective students should have solid math skills
because the course requires knowledge of linear algebra, statistics, and probability.
AS.110.201.01-08
Linear Algebra
Jesus Martinez Garcia
Overall quality of the class: 2.46
Summary:
The content of the course and the challenge it presented was the best aspect of this course. Many
students thought the course applied well to their given fields of study. The instructor for this course was
rated as the most negative aspect of the course. Taking more time to teach the material and better
examples of difficult concepts were suggested improvements to the course. Prospective students should
know that the information is useful, but previous students recommend a different instructor.
AS.110.202.01-09
Calculus III
John Lind
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
This course had several highly rated aspects. The top was the instructor, who students thought was
engaging, entertaining, and overall an effective teacher. The subject was interesting overall, especially
for students going into physics, and special mention was given to Sfin the class pet. Many students gave
the amount of homework and the pace of the class low marks. Many students suggested a different
textbook as a possible improvement, while others suggested a more logical pace to the homework.
Students interested in the course should know that it requires a lot of work, but taking the class with
this instructor makes it worth the hard work.
AS.110.211.01
Honors Multivariable Calculus
Richard Brown, Carl McTague
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
205
MATHEMATICS
The small class size and theoretical nature of the material were the best aspects of this course. Some
students found the computational rather than proof based examples to be the most negative aspect of
this course. One suggested improvement was giving more in-class examples. Prospective students
should know that many students did not find the course to be overly difficult.
AS.110.302.01-07
Diff Equations/Applications
Lu Wang
Overall quality of the class: 2.63
Summary:
The high points of this course were the useful nature of the subject matter in terms of real world
applications, and the help from the TAs to understand the concepts. The lowest ratings were given to
the instructor. Many students found that they did better learning on their own and had a hard time
reaching her for additional help. Suggested improvements to the course centered on a more effective
instructor, and more example problems during class. Prospective students should know that the
workload is heavy, but the material is useful. Students from this course recommend finding a different
instructor.
AS.110.304.01
Elementary Number Theory
Nitya Kitchloo
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
Summary:
Overall, students gave the material and the lectures of this course high marks. Some students thought
the instructor was approachable and passionate. The subject is challenging, and students ranked the
homework and exams as the worst aspect in the course. Additional practice problems and a different
textbook were suggested improvements in the course. Prospective students who enjoy math already
will find this course challenging and rewarding.
AS.110.311.01
Complex Analysis
Chikako Mese
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor, who was helpful and effective, and the real
world applicability of the material. Many students found feedback on homework and quizzes to be
lacking, and thought too much weight was put on the final exam. More practice exams and fewer proofs
were suggested improvements for the course. Prospective students should try to take the course with
this instructor.
AS.110.401.01
Advanced Algebra I
206
MATHEMATICS
Richard Brown, Jian Kong
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Most students gave the material itself the highest rating for the course. However, the difficulty of the
material and the quick pace of the course were rated the worst aspects of the course. Suggestions for
improvement included more discussion of the concepts in class, along with shorter and more frequent
meeting times. Prospective students should know that the course can be quite difficult, especially
without prior knowledge of theoretical math.
AS.110.402.01
Advanced Algebra II
Caterina Consani
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The material was interesting and the instructor was willing to adjust the course structure to benefit the
students. Many students rated the instructor as the best aspect of the course. Though interesting, the
material was challenging, and some students thought a timed exam did not serve them well. The most
common suggestion was better preparation from Advanced Algebra I, or a more thorough review at the
start of the semester. Prospective students should be sure they have a solid grasp on Advanced Algebra I
before starting this course.
AS.110.405.01
Analysis I
Jacob Bernstein
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
Summary:
In this course, the instructor's willingness to help, the content, and the intellectual challenge were all
rated as the best aspects of the course. The worst aspects of the course were the difficulty of the exams
and homework. Some suggestions for improvement included giving more opportunity for student
participation in-class along with more examples of practical applications. Prospective students should
know that the work is mainly proof based, and can be a struggle at times.
AS.110.413.01
Introduction To Topology
Brian Smithling
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
The material presented in this course was fascinating and the instructor was organized and enthusiastic
about the subject. Some students thought the time needed to complete homework was the worst
aspect of the course. Fewer homework sets and additional recitation time were both suggested
207
MATHEMATICS
improvements to the course. Students interested in this course should be comfortable with proof-based
math. The course is highly recommended by students, especially for those interested in abstract
mathematics.
AS.110.417.01
Partial Diff Equations
Jiuyi Zhu
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
The applicability of the material was a top part of this class. Additionally, students appreciated that the
textbook was clear and comprehensive. Many students rated the instructor as the worst aspect of the
class, saying that he was repetitive and lectured straight from the textbook. A faster pace and a more
engaging instructor were suggested as improvements to the course. Prospective students should know
that while the grading and workload are fair, taking the course with a different instructor was
recommended.
AS.110.607.01
Complex Variables
Chikako Mese
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material and the instructor. Many students
commented that though they did not love the material, Prof. Mese presented it in such a way that kept
them engaged and interested. The worst aspects of the course were the textbook and the slow feedback
on homework. Better feedback on homework was recommended as a possible improvement to the
course. Prospective students should know that prior knowledge of analysis in not necessary. Taking the
course with this instructor is highly recommended.
208
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.530.102.01
Freshman Experiences in Mechanical Engineering
Stephen Belkoff
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
This course was an introduction of what to expect in the engineering world for students. It also included
a guest speaker who related to the students' interests. In addition, students were able to work with
Matlab and the workload was very light. But the course progressed very quickly and the handwriting on
the board was illegible, making it difficult for students to understand what was going on and jot their
notes down. Also, Matlab was not covered nearly enough and towards the end of the second semester,
students felt that their skills were rusty. Suggestions for improvement include: a better schedule of
when guest speakers present, slow down the course pace, and more explanation and focus on Matlab.
Prospective students should know that this course is required, so they just have to stick it out.
EN.530.104.01
Introduction to Mechanics II
John Thomas
Overall quality of the class: 4.34
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course seemed to be very fond of their professor. According to
them, he always made sure that they understood the material and his teaching style kept them
entertained. He also made the most complicated topics seem simple and his tangents were actually
helpful. In addition, expectations were made clear and the pace was perfect for many students.
However, there were not enough examples for students to follow so that they could do their homework,
the tests were difficult, and the professor was not available many times outside of class. Suggestions for
improvement include: more practice problems, more resources for studying, and more lecture time to
expand upon topics. Prospective students should make use of the textbook because it will help clear up
misunderstandings for them.
209
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.106.01-04
Mechanical Engineering Freshman Laboratory II
Stephen Belkoff
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the labs that students participated in. They were granted hands-on
experience that was very applicable to future endeavors. Students also liked that all their work was
done during lab, so the course didn't require a ton of work outside of labs. In addition, Matlab was
incorporated into lab assignments. But, the cameras that students had to work with during lab sessions
were annoying, the labs were time consuming, and the class was held on Friday late afternoons. It was
suggested that more time be allotted to the CAD project, that labs be shortened so students can focus
on learning, and that new equipment be purchased. Prospective students should be aware that the TAs
are there to guide students along and are actually very helpful.
EN.530.202.01-05
Dynamics
Narutoshi Nakata
Overall quality of the class: 2.98
Summary:
This course gave students a wonderful introduction to dynamic systems. Quizzes and practice questions
reinforced learning and also prepared students for assignments. The textbook was also helpful, and the
professor followed it. The course was organized, and homework and exams were grade and returned in
a timely manner. But students complained about the professor being difficult to understand and his
teaching style. Classes were also disjointed, and attendance was required for pop quizzes. Suggestions
for improvement include: a new professor, changing this course to 4 credits, original problems not from
the book, more labs, and removing the mandatory lecture policy. Prospective students should be able to
attend every lecture.
EN.530.215.01
Mechanics-Based Design
Thao Nguyen
Overall quality of the class: 4.02
Summary:
Many students found this course to be very interesting and fundamental to their future careers as
Mechanical Engineers. The professor was successful at covering a vast amount of material with
enthusiasm, while also pushing her students. The TAs were also phenomenal, and homework
assignments were difficult but rewarding. However, homework assignments were taxing, lectures didn't
align with the textbook, and the material was really tough for many students. In addition, the course
relied heavily on students having a statistical background. Suggestions for improvement include: more
practice problems, more TA sections, easier homework assignments, and past exams being used.
Prospective students should be prepared to work very hard.
210
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.216.01-06
Mechanics Based Design Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
This lab included lots of hands-on work with different machining devices and the design project gave
students the chance to exhibit everything they had learned during the course. Students enjoyed the
luxuries of not having to prepare full lab reports and not having lab every week. Sometimes, labs would
run over the time schedule because groups had to wait to use tools that were occupied, and labs didn't
correlate to the lab lectures. Also, building the crane was time consuming. Suggestions for improvement
include: better groups for design project, clearer expectations, more guided time machining, and more
freedom with the crane project. Prospective students should take the final project seriously.
EN.530.241.01-03
Electronics & Instrumentation
David Kraemer
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The funny and approachable instructor of this course was always available to explain topics and was
able to keep the class awake by telling jokes. The labs allowed students to see first-hand how the
material they learned played out in real life, and also reinforced their learning. The course didn't require
hefty amounts of homework either. Students expected and would have appreciated more practice
problems, and homework was not returned in a timely fashion. In addition, the first exam included
information that was not expanded upon, and the design project at the end of the course felt rushed to
some students. Suggestions for improvement include: more homework, more class structure, fewer lab
reports, a better textbook, and more prompt return of work. Prospective students should take
advantage of lab time.
EN.530.328.01
Fluid Mechanics II
Charles Meneveau
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The high points of this course were the interesting and challenging material, the applied engineering
problems using COMSOL, and the continuation and clarification of the material in Fluids I. The instructor
and the TA were both available and willing to help when students had trouble. The worst aspects of the
course were the fast pace of many lectures, and the overlapping due dates for many complex
assignments at the end of the semester. Some suggestions for improving the course include spacing the
work out more evenly throughout the semester, having lecture notes available online, and more design
based projects. Prospective students should know the material covered is a good continuation of Fluids
I, the information is interesting and the projects are useful. This class and instructor are recommended.
211
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.334.01
Heat Transfer
Cila Herman
Overall quality of the class: 3.55
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the variety of heat transfer concepts presented, the connections
made from classroom to real world, and the intellectual challenge of solving complex problems. Many
students mentioned the instructors lecture style and frequent quizzes as a positive as well. The worst
aspects of the course was the fast pace toward the end of the semester, the number and difficulty of the
quizzes, and the difficulty of the exams. Suggested improvements to the course included dropping the
quizzes, better organization of time, and more problem examples in class. Prospective students should
know this course is difficult and time consuming, but can be interesting as well.
EN.530.335.01-04
Heat Transfer Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 3.49
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the practice writing lab reports, the relatively low number of labs,
and the immediate connection between concepts in lecture and practice in the lab. The worst aspects of
the class were the detail expected in the lab reports and the time spent waiting for data during labs.
Suggested improvements to the class included giving students more freedom in writing lab reports,
more interactive experiments, and more fire. Prospective students should know that this course is very
similar to previous Mechanical Engineering labs. There are not many reports, but they each take a good
deal of time to write and there is a lot of waiting while gathering data.
EN.530.343.01-03
Design and Analysis of Dynamical Systems
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the real world applications, the cohesion of systems from previous
courses, and the technical applications of differential equations. The instructor was also noted for his
ability to convey challenging material at a very appropriate pace. The worst aspects of the course were
the time consuming and challenging homework, the textbook, and the rush at the end of the semester.
Suggestions for improving the course included following the book more so it is not a wasted resource,
more hands on work in the lab, and more project based work. Prospective students should review
differential equations and dynamics. The workload is heavy in this course, get started early on reports
and attend lecture, and try to enjoy the more interesting material.
EN.530.354.01
Manufacturing Engineering
212
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Yury Ronzhes
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material, the enjoyable labs, and a field trip to
GM. The instructor provided a relaxed environment to learn and absorb the material, and was engaging
and knowledgeable. The worst aspects of the class were the disorganized due dates, the high number of
assignments, and the lack of feedback. Suggestions for improving the course included keeping the
schedule up to date, fewer assignments, and make the class more hands-on. Prospective students
should know that the class is not very difficult and is comprised of several small assignments.
EN.530.381.01
Engineering Design Process
Nathan Scott
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the hands on application of concepts from previous classes, the
range of design project choices, and the excellent preparation for senior design. The instructor was
incredibly knowledgeable and gave mini problems requiring an engineering solution. The worst aspects
of the course were the unclear structure around graded and ungraded assignments, and the instructor's
lack of availability due to numerous commitments. Suggested improvements to the course include
adding an additional instructor who has more time, and dedicate more class time to the design project.
Prospective students should take this class as preparation for Senior Design and enjoy themselves.
EN.530.404.01
Engineering Design Project II
Nathan Scott
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
This class is highlighted by the chance to design, build, test, and present a real product. The entire
project puts everything learned over the four years of college into practice in a real world scenario. The
worst aspects of the class were the time commitment required of students, the instructor seems unable
to dedicate enough time to each team and often gave unrealistic advice. Suggestions for improving the
course include increasing the number of people in each team, making the class 6 credits rather than 4,
and having more advisors available for students. Prospective students should make sure they put
together a strong group and be ready for the time commitment. This is a great way to cap off the MechE
undergraduate career and get a taste of real life.
EN.530.410.01
Biomechanics of the Cell
Alexander Spector, Sean Sun
Overall quality of the class: 2.75
213
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the range of material it covered, the fair exams and homework, and
the interesting material. The worst aspects of the course were the disorganization of feedback and
communication, and the lecture style of reading the notes rather than adding any additional
information. Suggestions to improve the class included requiring calculus and statistics as prerequisites,
more efficient grading and communication, and clearer lecture notes. Prospective students should have
a background in statistics and differential equations. The workload is fairly light, but the concepts are
difficult.
EN.530.421.01-03
Mechatronics
Gregory Chirikjian
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The highlight of this class is the project based nature of the course where students design and build a
robot. Students learned basic camera vision, how to calculate holonomic and non-holonomic drive
trajectories, and have freedom to learn from mistakes. The worst aspects of this class were the 8 am
lectures, the shoddy tools in the lab, and the time commitment of the class. But you get to build a robot.
Additional time for the project, a bigger budget, and better communication between the instructor, TA,
and students were all suggestions to improve the class. Prospective students should know the class
requires a significant time commitment and you should be sure to have the prerequisites before starting
the class. If you want to build a robot, take this course.
EN.530.426.01
Biofluid Mechanics
Rajat Mittal
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the material presented, the fair distribution of work across the
semester, and the knowledgeable and engaging instructor. Many students noted that while they find
the information inherently interesting, the instructor made it accessible as well. The worst aspect of the
class was the departure of the main instructor midway though. His replacement (a TA) was ineffective
and ill prepared. Suggestions for improving the course included assigning a textbook with the course, a
less specified term project, and keeping the instructor consistent. Prospective students should have a
background in fluid dynamics and be familiar with MATLAB.
EN.530.432.01
Jet & Rocket Propulsion
Joseph Katz
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
214
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
This class was highlighted by the fascinating material, the range of information covered, and an
instructor and TA who want students to succeed. The instructor was knowledgeable and experienced,
and the TA held special homework sessions and provided hint sheets for students. The worst aspects of
the course were the heavy reliance on the final exam for the whole grade, the sheer amount of material
to cover, and the lack of many example problems in class making the homework even more difficult.
Suggestions for improving the class were to have one or two midterms, provide a syllabus, and extend
the class to 4 credits and add another section. Prospective students should know the course covers a
great deal of material at a rapid pace, and it is difficult material. But you will be able to tell people you
are almost as smart as a rocket scientist.
EN.530.441.01
Introduction to Biophotonics
Ishan Barman
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the knowledgeable and engaged instructor, the breadth of material
covered, and the intellectual challenge of the material. Dr. Barman encouraged students to think about
the material deeply and ask questions during lecture. The sheer amount of material was the worst
aspect of the course. The pace started out very fast to prepare for the midterm, but dropped off the
second half of the semester because there was no final exam, just a project. Suggestions for improving
the course included having a second exam, include more checkpoints in the final project, and go over
some derivations step by step on the board. Prospective students should know this class is very difficult,
but extraordinarily interesting and this instructor is highly recommended.
EN.530.448.01
Biosolid Mechanics
Thao Nguyen
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the knowledgeable and engaging instructor, the fascinating subject
material, and the intellectual challenge of the course. The instructor was excellent at conveying very
difficult material in a way that students could leave the semester feeling smarter than when they
started. The worst aspects of the course were the difficult and time consuming homework, the delay in
feedback, and the uneven pacing of work across the semester. Suggestions for improving the course
included holding additional practice sessions, additional real world examples, and additional guidance
on the final project. Prospective students should know this is a math heavy class and it helps to have
some background in mechanics. The class and instructor are recommended.
EN.530.452.01
Cell & Tissue Engineering Laboratory
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
215
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.464.01
Energy Systems Analysis
Dennice Gayme
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.606.01
Mechanics of Solids and Materials II
Jaafar El-Awady
Overall quality of the class: 3.36
Summary:
This course took an analytical teach-by-example approach to the subject matter. The instructor
explained things clearly and often used handouts to supplement his lectures. But the course didn't cover
nonlinear elastic material and at times lectures were confusing. In addition, the instructor made many
mistakes on homework assignments, resulting in students having to figure out what the issue was.
Suggestions for improvement include: shorter exams that can be completed, a new instructor, better
course organization, and more handouts. Prospective students need a solid mathematics background.
EN.530.622.01
Fluid Dynamics II
Joseph Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course appreciated the fact that the instructor had relevant, extensive
experience in the field of the subject matter. Therefore, he taught the material effectively and included
discussions of physics and practical application. However, not all aspects of the course were applicable,
the exam problems were more difficult than homework assignments, and sometimes the math was
unclear, making students have trouble deriving equations. Suggestions for improvement include: harder
homework equations to match exams, a textbook, a whiteboard for equations, and homework being
returned quicker. It has been said that prospective students should not take this course unless it is a
requirement.
EN.530.628.01
Nonlinear Dynamical Systems- Mechanics & Biology
Dennice Gayme, Sean Sun
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
216
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.649.01
System Identification
Noah Cowan
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
This course emphasized the frequency methods and their superiority over other methods but basics are
also covered. The professor was also readily available for discussion, and many students found the
course to be useful for their research. It was expected that more material would've been covered, but
there was too much time spent on understanding basics and any of the other methods besides
Frequency. Also, assignments were returned with grades a month after they were submitted.
Suggestions for improvement include: available homework and exam solutions, more structure, and
additional readings to supplement material. Prospective students should know that his course requires a
lot of work and grading is tough.
EN.530.654.01
Advanced Systems Modeling II
Gregory Chirikjian
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.664.01
Energy Systems Analysis (graduate)
Dennice Gayme
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
This course provided an understanding of power flows and systems to students while heavily focusing
on individual projects. Also, the professor was accommodating to students' needs and took their
opinions into consideration. But students felt like there was too much emphasis put on circuit analysis
during the first half of the course, the presentation requirements were vague, and the Power World
lectures were boring. To improve this course, it was suggested that the presentation style of the
professor change, there be less circuit analysis, another guest speaker, and better lectures. Prospective
students should be prepared to do a great amount of researching.
EN.530.672.01
Biosensing & BioMEMS
Jeff Wang
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
Summary:
During this course, students learned about how sensors and MEMS are built and the labs were great at
solidifying concepts taught in class. Also, the instructor took time out to answer questions during labs.
217
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
But, there was a lack of class engagement and feedback. In addition, many students agreed that the
course needed more structure, and there was way too much material covered on homework
assignments and tests. Suggestions for improvement include: more structure, shorter class times with
weekly assignments, and feedback on homework and exams. Prospective students should be
comfortable with a course that is based more on case studies than textbook mechanics.
EN.530.678.01
Nonlinear Control and Planning in Robotics
Marin Kobilarov
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The professor of this course created a laid-back environment and the project allowed students to
demonstrate their knowledge and apply it to a robotic system of their choice. The simulations in
assignments were fun and helped students visualize the more complicated material. Topics were
sometimes hard to understand, and the grading system for homework was confusing. Also, notation was
not always clear and there were not an ample amount of lectures towards the end of the course.
Suggestions for improvement include: cutting down course topics, adding experimental aspects, and
teaching more optimization. Programming skills are required for prospective students.
EN.530.707.01
Robot System Programming
Louis Whitcomb
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.730.01
Finite Element Methods
Somnath Ghosh
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
This course provided an in-depth analysis of finite element systems and the programs really helped
students visualize the preprocessing and post processing functions of FEM. The skills learned during this
course will be very useful in the future for students. However, lectures were basically straight from the
textbook with little variation, the professor was absent more than five times, and there was not enough
time allotted for completing exams. It was suggested that more computer-based assignments be
integrated into the course schedule, that the professor be in attendance, and that there be an even
distribution of work throughout the course. Prospective students should be proficient in math.
EN.530.748.01
Stress Waves, Impacts and Shockwaves
Kaliat Ramesh
218
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
This course offered its students information about diversified topics such as stress waves, shock and
dynamic behavior of materials. The lectures were mesmerizing and students participated in an
experimental lab. Some students felt like the professor was difficult to follow because he spoke and
wrote too fast. Also, the homework was infrequent but very hard to complete, and students did not
enjoy the 3 hour long class periods. Suggestions for improvement include: more problem solving and
applications, a syllabus that is followed, PowerPoint slides for lectures and wave equations, and more
homework that is tied to the lectures. Prospective students should know that this course is challenging
and comprehensive.
EN.530.762.01
Advanced Math Methods for Engineers
Andrea Prosperetti
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
219
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
MILITARY SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.374.102.01-02
Introduction to Leadership II
Jelani Edwards, Joyce Louden
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
This course not only taught students how to be a leader in the military, but also a leader in everyday life.
The professors were friendly and had a sense of humor. They were also involved by asking questions,
giving examples, and making sure the students were keeping up with the material. However, students
would have enjoyed putting their leadership to the test during this course. Many students also
complained about the take home tests and didn't think they were conducive to learning. To improve this
course, it was suggested that students practice confidence and a go on a few field trips. Prospective
students should know that the work load is light and not too much military theory is discussed.
AS.374.120.01
Basic Leadership Laboratory II
Jelani Edwards, Joyce Louden
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Many students agreed that the hands-on field experience was beneficial and that they actually
understood what was transpiring. However, sometimes this lab was physically grueling. In addition,
many students felt that there was a lack of team leader practice. Suggestions for improvement include:
a variation in lab activities such as radio etiquette and a lab devoted to weapons, and more chances to
practice leadership. Prospective students should know that this lab is very physical and is a good
introductory course to feel the Army "culture."
AS.374.202.01
Leadership & Teamwork II
Jelani Edwards
220
MILITARY SCIENCE
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
During this course, students learned about patrolling in a classroom setting and tactics. The course was
also seen as a good pair to the lab that follows. The information was also useful and straightforward.
The only unfulfilling aspect was class often being cut short for lab. Students suggested that they be
tested more on their knowledge to make sure they were grasping the concepts, and discuss more real
world Army activities. Prospective students should be able to check Blackboard consistently and know
that this course is helpful for rising MS3.
AS.374.220.01
Advanced Team Leadership
Jelani Edwards
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course enjoyed working with other cadets and felt that they received
great preparation for ROTC training. This course also offers more leadership practice and opportunities
during labs. However, the course often runs late and is disorganized at times. It was suggested by
students that freshmen be allowed more leadership opportunities and that they should be tested on
patrolling to improve the quality of this course. Prospective students should be prepared for a lot of
work, dirt, and must be able to pay attention to what their squad and team leaders are doing.
221
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
MUSEUM AND SOCIETY PROGRAMS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.389.202.01
Introduction to the Museum: Issues and Ideas
Jennifer Kingsley
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the blog posts the students were required to complete. Many
students liked sharing their ideas and listening to the guest lecturers. Students especially enjoyed the
light work load and having no exams on their plate. Although many students liked the blog posts, they
also felt overwhelmed by how often they were expected to post. In addition, the question notecards
seemed pointless to students even though they were meant to be helpful. Lastly, many students
complained about the professor's rough approach to discussions. Suggestions for improvement include:
taking field trips to museums that use techniques discussed, shortening the blog post requirement
length, and opening the discussion up for students to feel comfortable instead of the professor only
voicing her opinion. Prospective students should know that this course is oriented to those who have
taken the first part of Introduction to the Museums.
AS.389.205.01
Examining Archaeological Objects
Sanchita Balachandran
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
This hands-on course is perfect for students who are interested in ancient objects. Many students
agreed that newcomers felt comfortable and were able to understand what was going on. The course
also required weekly quizzes instead of midterms, but the quizzes happened to be one of the worst
aspects. Students said that they were difficult and the dense readings were totally unnecessary most of
the time. It was suggested that a trip to another museum and more variety in the readings would
improve the quality of this course. Prospective students should know that they don't need previous
experience.
222
MUSEUM AND SOCIETY PROGRAMS
AS.389.275.01
Interpreting Collections: An Introduction to Museum Education-Community
Elizabeth Maloney
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this class felt that this course contained a concrete goal that they
were working towards. Students also gained hands-on experience by working on a collaborative project
and curating sites on campus. The course also included field trips, guest speakers and a small, intimate
class. However, at some points the course seemed to be repetitive and confusing as far as instructions.
To improve the quality of this course, students suggested more peer critique. Prospective students
should be ready for fun and lots of guest speakers.
AS.389.390.01
Library / Laboratory
Gabrielle Dean
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
This interactive course provided a great environment for discussion and was tons of fun. Students
received valuable feedback on their paper and blog posts. This course would be a great option for
prospective students who are interested in libraries. However, the professor could be more organized,
according to students. Suggestions for improvement include: more structure and less focus on book
making technologies as opposed to libraries as a whole. Prospective students should know that the
course is what they make of it, and that a background in libraries is not necessary for success.
AS.389.440.01
Who Owns Culture?
Elizabeth Rodini
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the guest speakers because they provided new perspectives on
culture and students enjoyed that. Many students were quite fond of the professor of this course. She
was described as "passionate," "engaging," and "interesting." Students also found themselves soaking
up tons of information in a short period of time. Although many students liked the professor, they were
not as thrilled about her harsh grading. In addition, the amount of reading required was disliked. It was
suggested by students to narrow down readings make essay prompts and grading rubrics crystal clear.
Prospective students should prepare for interesting subject matter but lengthy readings.
223
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.376.111.01-02
Rudiments-Music Theory
Faye Chiao
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course agreed that the professor of this course created an open and
comfortable environment, while keeping the course material interesting and engaging. Students learned
about the theory behind music and found that when the professor played the piano while teaching, they
could put the theories into context. However, students said that the work load was very heavy at times
and assignment instructions lacked clarity. It was suggested that there be a new program implemented
for homework assignments to improve this course. Prospective students should be willing to put in more
work if they do not have a musical background.
AS.376.111.03
Rudiments-Music Theory
Joshua Bornfield
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The professor of this course provided his students with lessons taught from both his personal
experiences and professional knowledge. Students enjoyed learning about different types of music and
analyzing them with a completely different view. They also liked the professors "redo" policy. However,
the professor lacked the time to meet with students, and often times would respond late to emails or
wouldn't respond at all. More emphasis on music composition and mnemonic devices would improve
the quality of this course. It would be a plus that students play some sort of instrument so that they
understand the concepts discussed.
AS.376.211.01
Theory & Musicianship
Faye Chiao
224
MUSIC
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the professor's leniency and the assignments given to students. The
professor was understanding when it came to student-athletes and made office hours available to make
things more clear. The professor also offered a "redo" policy for students who were struggling with
assignments. Many students agreed that the homework made them practice composing and analyzing
music and prepared them for exams. However, the heavy work load and fast pace of the course
challenged students. It was suggested that the material be cut down in order to improve the quality of
this course. Prospective students should enroll in this course if they want to build upon the knowledge
gained in rudiments.
AS.376.211.02
Theory & Musicianship
Michael Rickelton
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The humorous professor of this course taught his students about the background of music theory. He
also made sure that everyone understood course material and allowed them to redo assignments. His
feedback was appreciated by students and overall the pace of the course was reasonable. But the short
class times made it difficult for the professor to cover everything that was needed. Students suggested
that the course require more opportunities to listen to music as it relates to what they are studying.
Prospective students should know rudiments before enrolling.
AS.376.212.01
Theory/Musicianship II
Stephen Stone
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the professor's effective and clear teaching style and the
experiences that each class period granted students. The professor encouraged students to participate
and made it his duty to get acquainted with each of them. Classes were described as "fun" and "a
pleasure to attend." The bad aspect of this course was the time consuming homework assignments.
According to students, the assignments took a couple of hours to complete. It was suggested that grades
be made clearer on Blackboard and that homework assignments be shortened. Prospective students
should be comfortable with composition.
AS.376.215.01
Music Theory III- Twentieth Century Music
Travis Hardaway
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
225
MUSIC
Summary:
Many students agreed that this course discussed unique theory techniques and stayed away from
traditional ones. The course material was straightforward, and the professor made sure to reinforce
that. Work load was fairly light and students viewed the quiz and projects as a marker of their
understanding. However, many students complained about the professor's disorganization. It was
suggested that a more diverse sample of 20th
century music be displayed and an open format for
compositions be implemented. Prospective students would be glad to know that there are no readings,
but they should have a solid background in music theory.
AS.376.231.01-03
Western Classical Music
Richard Giarusso
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course deemed the professor "fantastic" because of his
amazing lectures. The professor clearly had the recipe for the fun during this course. Students also
seemed to be fond of the TA because of her enthusiastic and helpful personality. The course gives a
"behind the scenes" look at classical music. But quizzes were difficult and very specific. Suggestions for
improvement include: less emphasis on quizzes and more on writing, straightforward instructions on
listening quizzes, and more listening practice before quizzes. Music theory is not required for
prospective students to enroll.
AS.376.258.01
Jazz Improvisation and Theory
Alexander Norris
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
Prospective students who are seeking an interactive course that includes playing jazz music at the
conclusion should enroll in this course. During the course, students focused on improvisation and jazz
theory. The professor of this course connected with his students by being goofy and fun. Not to mention
he displayed his incredible skills as a musician. However, students disliked the history aspect of the
course and the professor missed class often. More playing time and more consistency were suggested
by students to improve the quality of this course.
AS.376.372.01
Introduction to Music Cognition II
Monica Lopez-Gonzalez
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the professor, the subject matter, and the class discussions. The
professor managed to promote a fun environment with her engaging lectures, and the subject matter
caught the attention of students. During discussions, students had the chance to lead and were allowed
226
MUSIC
to give feedback to their peers. At times the course lacked structure, and students wanted to meet more
than once a week. Suggestions for improvement include: guest speakers, more resources, and more
focus on film music recognition. Prospective students should be ready to think outside the box.
AS.376.407.01
Music and Evolution
Elizabeth Tolbert
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Many students enjoyed the seminar style of this course and found the subject matter intriguing. Class
discussions were often lively, and students were able to make connections and discover new ideas by
writing papers and participating in class. However, students found some of the material to be over their
heads and too philosophical. It was suggested that assignment due dates stop overlapping and that
more focus is given to specific articles. Prospective students should be comfortable writing 2-3 pages
each week.
227
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.670.616.01
Introduction to NanoBio Tutorials II
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.670.621.01
NanoBio Laboratory
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.670.623.01
Advanced NanoBio Tutorials
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
228
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.130.258.01
Ceramic Analysis in Archaeology
James Osborne
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
Throughout this course, students analyzed ceramics first-hand and gained a solid understanding of the
subject. Many students agreed that the assignments perfectly aligned with the subject matter taught in
lectures. The professor incorporated a wide range of studies and ceramic uses and the course was
taught in the museum. However, at times lectures were too intensive for one class period, and class
seemed to drag by with it being three hours. Students suggested that the class be split into two days
instead of one and that there be more discussion to improve the quality of this course. Prospective
students should probably have some ceramics/archaeology background before enrolling.
AS.130.304.01
Ancient Cities
Paul Delnero
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
Many students agreed that the course material was invigorating and covered a broad time span, which
made it even more interesting. The Wednesday reading questions made students feel comfortable with
the subject matter and the review sheets were extremely helpful before exams. In addition, the grading
system worked with the students and they didn't feel pressured to ace every assignment. Taking notes
via laptop was not allowed during the course and this was unreasonable and inconvenient to students.
Lectures also were at times disjointed and unstructured. To improve the quality of this course, students
suggested PowerPoint presentations, more lecture organization, and allowing laptop use. Prospective
students should make sure that they do the readings before lecture and know that there are several
writing assignments.
AS.130.328.01
229
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
Ancient Egypt/Africa
Betsy Bryan
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
Many students agreed that this course brought forth new perspectives on Egypt and the independent
research project about a specific Nubian site was a marvelous opportunity to use creativity and personal
interests. Class discussions provided deeper understanding of the readings and the visual presentations
were intriguing. However, readings at times were dense and the course seemed to require some
background knowledge of ancient Egypt. Students also complained about the professor's
disorganization, and that the course focused more on Nubia than Egypt. Suggestions for improvement
include: more class and lecture structure, less reading, and more lecture time for those who do not have
background knowledge of ancient Egypt. According to students, this course didn't feel like a normal
history class and prospective students should think about taking Ancient Egypt 101 before enrolling.
AS.130.348.01
Religious Law Wrestles with Change: The Case of Judaism
David Katz
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.130.373.01
Prophets and Prophecy in the Bible
Theodore Lewis
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the professor's lecturing abilities and the class discussions. Many
students agreed that the professor's lectures were fantastic and dynamic. He didn't just summarize
readings, but he also dug deeper into scholarly issues and questions. Unfortunately, slides were not
posted online, so students were always required to attend lecture, but many students didn't mind it.
The worst aspects of this course were the pop quizzes and the memorization. Students were required to
memorize a vast amount of information and Hebrew names and the pop quizzes were seen as more of a
bother than an assessment tool. It was suggested that no pop quizzes be given because of the effect it
had on grades. Better communication would also improve the quality of this course. Prospective
students should not be discouraged from enrolling because of their religious affiliation.
AS.130.420.01
Seminar in Research Methods in Near Eastern Studies
Betsy Bryan, Richard Jasnow
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
230
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
NEUROSCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.080.203.01
Cognitive Neuroscience
Soojin Park, Brenda Rapp
Overall quality of the class: 3.17
Summary:
Highlights from this course included the interesting material, recorded lectures with available lecture
notes, and the case studies covered in class. However, many students were not pleased with the
structure of exams and found the material covered in class repetitive. Additional graded assignments
and more interactive lectures were suggested improvements to this course. Many students also would
like to see less repetition from the Intro to Neuroscience course. Prospective students should know that
the course does not require knowledge of neuroscience, but you should make time to study the lecture
notes weekly as your grade is based on three exams.
AS.080.250.01-04
Neuroscience Laboratory
Linda Gorman, Jason Trageser
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were by far the hands on experiments. Students give high marks to the
sheep brain this semester. Most students rated the lab manual and the difficult practical as the worst
aspects of the course. An updated lab manual was a suggestion for improvement, as was a shorter time
spent with aplasia. Keeping up with the anatomy, which was the first half of the semester, was the key
to doing well on the first practical. Prospective students should know that while you don't need to be a
zombie to take this course, you should love brains.
AS.080.303.01
Structure of the Nervous System
Stewart Hendry
231
NEUROSCIENCE
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The instructor for this course and his teaching style was rated as the best aspect of the course. The
material was interesting and Dr. Hendry presented it clearly and with enthusiasm. He was able to convey
difficult material concisely, and synthesized information from other classes to form a cohesive
understanding of the brain stem. The time spent studying for weekly quizzes was ranked as the worst
aspect of the course, though many students appreciated the practice they gained from the quizzes. The
most common improvement suggested was getting rid of a few quizzes, especially on exam weeks.
Prospective students should know that the material is difficult and requires a good deal of studying, but
is very rewarding.
AS.080.306.01
The Nervous System II
Stewart Hendry, Haiqing Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
Dr. Hendry's enthusiastic, approachable, and engaging teaching style was the highest rated aspect of
this course. The material was fascinating and connected concepts from previous semesters. The
instructors provide ample opportunities for students to succeed, including practice exams and additional
Saturday review sessions. Many students thought the worst aspect of the course was the difficulty of
the exams. Suggestions to improve the course ranged from giving more opportunities for graded work
(homework, quizzes) to making Dr. Hendry the sole instructor. Prospective students should know that
the course requires a great deal of work to succeed, but is very rewarding.
AS.080.320.01
The Auditory System
Dana Boatman
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material, the connections to practical applications,
and the guest lectures. Clinical case studies were presented and students were given the opportunity to
solve the problem themselves. There was a lot of hands-on learning in this class. Students thought the
fast pace of some lectures, the lack of additional reading materials, and the acronyms in slides were the
worst aspect of the course. Students suggested a more equal weight to the graded components in the
course and a key to acronyms as an area for improvement. Prospective students should know that this is
a highly interesting and worthwhile course.
AS.080.322.01
Cellular and Molecular Biology of Sensation
Paul Fuchs, Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
232
NEUROSCIENCE
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.080.333.01
Writing About the Nervous System
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The small class size and the specific area of instruction were the highlights of this course. Many thought
it was a unique opportunity in the department to gain the sort of specialized skills that are not available
from the English department. Students were able to focus on one particular area of interest and
research in depth. The worst aspects of the course were the contradictory feedback that some students
received on assignments and the lack of guidance. Clarification in regards to the assignment
expectations and more opportunities to improve grades were suggested as possible improvements.
Prospective students should know that there is a good deal of outside reading involved.
AS.080.352.01
Higher Brain Function
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The highlights of this course were the variety of guest lecturers, the small class size, and the interesting
concepts presented. Lecturers were specialists in their fields and gave excellent insight to the research
going on currently in neuroscience. Additionally, Dr. Hendry would interrupt lectures to clarify difficult
points. While the topics lecturers presented were of interest overall, many students found that the
presentation style was not consistent, and some presenters were repetitive. A suggested improvement
to the course was recording every lecture rather than just a few. Prospective students should know that
this is an interesting course, consistent with the other courses taught by Dr. Hendry. Be diligent about
taking notes and attend every class.
AS.080.364.01
Methods in Neuroscience and Orgo
Larissa D'Souza, Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
This course featured independent learning, hands-on labs, and experience with new imaging techniques.
Students were able to gain experience using CLARITY and SeeDB in the lab. The class started off
disorganized and there were some scheduling issues, but many students forgave this as it was the first
time the class was offered. Making graduate TAs available along with ironing out all the scheduling
issues were the most common suggestions for improvement. Prospective students should know that
despite the initial growing pains, this course offered hands-on experience with innovative tools. It is
highly recommended.
233
NEUROSCIENCE
AS.080.370.01
The Cerebellum: Is it just for motor control?
John Desmond
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the fascinating nature of the material and the instructor. Dr.
Desmond is knowledgeable, approachable, and made it clear that he wanted the students to succeed.
Some students thought the start of the course got bogged down in methods, though it was helpful to
have some of this moving forward. A common suggestion for improvement was to go over a summary of
papers before moving on to the discussion. Students interested in this course should know that it is an
interesting and in-depth look at one area of the brain, taught by an instructor who is invested in his
students' success and learning. The course is highly recommended.
AS.080.401.01-03
Research Practicum: KEEN (Kids Enjoying Exercise Now)-Community Based Learning
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
Working with kids, getting a chance to make a difference in their lives, and being engaged with a new
population were the high points of this course. Some students found the time (early Sunday morning)
was the worse aspect, while a few others thought the partner schools were disorganized at times.
Overall students could not find fault with the course. Some suggested improvements to the course
included a more flexible scheduling option, and better communication with the partner organization.
Prospective students should know that the course requires some full Sunday meetings, but the time
spent with kids was rewarding and amazing. This course is highly recommended.
AS.080.402.01
Teaching Practicum: Making Neuroscience Fun (MNF)
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.080.403.01-02
Teaching Practicum: HOP Kids
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best thing about this course was by far spending time with the kids at Kennedy Krieger Institute.
Students came away feeling better connected to the concepts learned in the classroom, and humbled by
the work of the nurses and doctors. The worst aspect of the course was having only one chance to visit
234
NEUROSCIENCE
KKI. It was suggested that there be more opportunities to visit KKI to improve the course. Prospective
students should know that this course is rewarding and enjoyable, and it is highly recommended.
235
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
PHILOSOPHY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.150.118.01-03; 05
Introduction to Formal Logic
Peter Achinstein
Overall quality of the class: 3.19
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course were highly disappointed with the professor. They did not
appreciate his rude and disengaging personality, and found it unreasonable that he did not have office
hours. However, some students felt that the course material provided a new way of looking at things
and analyzing problems for people with little programming and philosophy experience. Students
suggested a new and comprehensive textbook and office hours to improve the quality of this course.
Prospective students should be aware of the course difficulty before enrolling.
AS.150.129.01
The Theory of Knowledge: Classic and Contemporary Questions
John Waterman
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the easy to understand professor, the discussions, and the course
material. The professor provided detailed explanations to complicated readings and devoted a great
amount of class time to going over material. Students' grades were based upon participation and two
essays. Class notes were often hard to keep up with and readings were advanced and lengthy.
Suggestions for improvement include: mandatory class participation, electronically accessible class
notes, and easier readings. Prospective students should keep up with the reading since the class only
meets once a week.
AS.150.202.01
Philosophy of Medicine
Bryan Miller
236
PHILOSOPHY
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
This course offered its students a better perspective on the many facets of medicine and encouraged
students to talk about medicine and science in new and different ways. The professor was nice and
brought forth discussion designed to allow stimulating philosophic arguments. However, students found
that keeping up with the course reading and writing assignments to be a taxing responsibility. It was
suggested that more discussions be facilitated and a break in the middle of class be implemented. The
course is heavy on the philosophy end, so prospective students should be ready for that.
AS.150.205.01-04
Introduction to the History of Modern Philosophy
Yitzhak Melamed
Overall quality of the class: 3.63
Summary:
This cool and laid back professor taught his students about many important philosophers and pushed
the class to ask questions despite the large class size. Students enjoyed the luxury of only having to
complete two papers and a take home final. However, there was an uneven distribution of focus on
certain philosophers and students didn't agree with this. It was also pointed out that the course was
disorganized and didn't follow the syllabus. Suggestions for improvement include: a more focused plan
for class periods, an even amount of time spent on each subject, and a change in the way discussions
are run. Prospective students should know that this course will be boring if they are not interested in
philosophy.
AS.150.220.01-06
Introduction to Moral Philosophy
L Nandi Theunissen
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The professor of this course made sure to break down the material into pieces so that it would be easier
for students to digest. Many students agreed that the things they learned were thought-provoking. It
was appreciated that the professor made herself available by any means necessary. Also, following the
class notes was as easy as eating cake. However, lectures often lacked luster and spunk and the slow
pace was frustrating. Students suggested that the professor speed up the pace of the course and cover a
better variety of philosophers. Prospective students should know that the readings are complicated.
AS.150.300.01
Prometheus Editorial Workshop
None Listed
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
237
PHILOSOPHY
Summary:
The range of interesting topics covered by the papers students read was the highlight of this course.
Additionally, many students appreciated the relaxed and cerebral atmosphere of the course. Some
students thought there was little incentive to attend class, and that the expectations for the course
overall were unclear. Giving more specific feedback and required attendance were improvements
suggested for the class. Prospective students should have a background in philosophy and attend class
ready to ask questions and be engaged. This is an enjoyable class and recommended.
AS.150.305.01
Global Health & Human Rights: Theoretical Foundations & Practical Implications
Matthew DeCamp
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The highlights of this course included the interesting material and readings, the lively discussions, and an
instructor who is knowledgeable and approachable. The course covers a common topic but approaches
it from a different perspective. The worst aspect of the class was the meeting time  late afternoon on
Friday. Many students suggested breaking up the meeting times or changing the day of the week as an
improvement to the course. Prospective students should know that this is a great class for both
philosophy majors and public health/pre-med majors. The instructor is engaging and the course is
recommended by previous students.
AS.150.306.01
The Epicureans, the Stoics, & the Skeptics on How to Live
Pavle Stojanovic
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The highlights of this course included the interesting topics covered, relaxed and engaging discussions,
and a knowledgeable instructor. Students with or without a background in philosophy found the course
both enjoyable and useful. Many students gave low marks for the small number of graded assignments
and the frequent times class was rescheduled. More time for discussions and a few more opportunities
for graded assignments were suggested improvements to the course. Students interested in this course
should know that a philosophy background is not necessary, though may be helpful in writing essays and
understanding some of the details.
AS.150.312.01
Philosophy and Complexity
Genco Guralp
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.150.330.01
238
PHILOSOPHY
Decisions, Games & Social Choice
Justin Bledin
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material covered and the engaging lecture style of
the instructor. Many students appreciated having a humanities based math course. The worst aspects of
the course were the challenging problem sets and the time consuming homework. Some suggestions for
improvement included narrowing the range of topics covered and requiring statistics and probability as
pre-requisites. Prospective students should know that the course requires knowledge of logic and the
ability to complete mathematical proofs. This course is recommended as a humanities credit for
engineering students especially, and for those interested in the logic side of philosophy.
AS.150.402.01
Aristotle
Richard Bett
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The professor of this course is knowledgeable, engaging, and willing to be flexible for the sake of the
students. The subject matter is captivating, but the instructor was the highlight of this course. The good
outweighed the bad in this course, but students did take some issue with the early start time of the
class. Suggested improvements included holding class in a room more conducive to discussion and
providing a rough outline of some readings. Prospective students should know that it is not necessary to
have a background in philosophy though it is helpful. This course is highly recommended.
AS.150.406.01
Can Science Explain Everything?
Peter Achinstein
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The course features an interesting take on philosophy and the small class size made interesting
discussions possible. However, many students found the lectures repetitive, the grading unclear, and the
discussion dominated by a few select students. Suggestions for improvement to the course included
clarifying details regarding the expectations and deadlines in the course, more opportunity for open
discussions, and a better syllabus. Prospective students should know that there is no assumption of a
philosophy background, and despite the frequent disorganization, the material presented is fascinating
and engaging.
AS.150.452.01
Freedom of Will & Moral Responsibility
Hilary Bok
239
PHILOSOPHY
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
This course was highlighted by the engaging and intelligent instructor. Students rated Dr. Bok as the best
aspect of the course overall, citing her humor and willingness to entertain even the smallest question.
Students were split on the worst aspect of the course. Some thought the amount of reading was too
high, while others wanted more class time to cover the readings. Some suggestions for improvement
include a better structure to the class and more frequent but shorter meeting times. Prospective
students should know that there is a lot of reading expected each week, but there is no assumption of a
philosophy background. This course is highly recommended.
AS.150.455.01
Ethics And Animals
Hilary Bok
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
Students rated the application to life lessons and the instructor as the best aspects of this course. The
worst aspect of the course was the combination of grad and undergrad students. Many undergraduates
felt unprepared or intimidated, while many grad students felt discussion was hampered due to
questions. A shorter, more frequent meeting time was a suggestion for possible improvement.
Prospective students should know that the topic and instructor are fascinating, and the course is highly
recommended.
AS.150.465.01
Genetics, Genomics and Society
Debra Mathews
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.150.490.01
Animal Minds
Meredith Williams
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
240
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.171.101.01-05
General Physics: Physical Science Major I
Bruce Barnett
Overall quality of the class: 3.30
Summary:
This course was highlighted by interesting hands-on demonstrations in class and a knowledgeable and
engaging professor. Students thought overall that the instructor had their best interests at heart and
genuinely wanted them to succeed and enjoy the course. Despite interesting demonstrations, the
instructor was often difficult to hear or understand in lectures. Many students found the TA unhelpful
and found they were teaching themselves the material rather than being taught. Better lecture notes,
more explanation of problems reviewed in class, and fewer clicker questions were suggested
improvements to the class. Prospective students should know that the demonstrations are interesting,
but this is a difficult course that you will just have to get through.
AS.171.102.01-11
General Physics: Physical Science Majors II
Collin Broholm
Overall quality of the class: 3.46
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the relevant lecture topics, in class demonstrations, and the
instructor. Many students thought that Professor Broholm was engaging, knowledgeable, and
approachable. The worst aspect of the course was the amount of homework due weekly. Fewer
homework assignments and more in class demonstrations were the most common suggestions for
improvement to the course. Prospective students should know that the workload is large in this course,
so your schedule should be planned accordingly. Having Calculus III and differential equations prior to
this course is helpful.
241
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
AS.171.104.01-11
General Physics/Biology Majors II
Timothy Heckman
Overall quality of the class: 3.31
Summary:
Engaging lectures, comprehensive study guides, and the conceptual (rather than math based) nature of
this course were the best aspects. Many students thought the head TA was helpful and accessible. The
homework was rated as the worst aspect of the course because of the weekly amount and the
disconnect between the homework and the exams. Many students also would have liked better
organized and more helpful TAs. Some suggestions for improvements included fewer homework
assignments, better exam practice questions, and a later class time. Prospective students should know
that the course requires a fair amount of work, but is a good representation of science courses at
Hopkins.
AS.171.106.01-02
Electricity and Magnetism I
Mark Robbins
Overall quality of the class: 3.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the fascinating demonstrations and the depth of the introduction
to this field. Many students thought the challenge of the course and satisfaction with understanding the
material was an additional highlight. The amount of homework and the often unclear lectures were the
worst aspects of the course. Many students found the lectures difficult to understand because the
instructor jumped between various topics without making connections. Suggestions for improving the
course include giving more time in class to equations and better organization to the lectures.
Prospective students should have a solid foundation of calculus III before this course and prepare for a
heavy workload.
AS.171.108.01-04
General Physics for Physical Science Majors (AL)
Petar Maksimovic
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
In class group work, an engaging instructor, and interesting subject material were the best aspects of
this course. Many students described the instructor as a natural, and thought his explanations of the
material and examples during lecture were immensely helpful. The workload, especially the homework,
was given the worst rating for the course. Many students did not find the SmartPhysics questions
relevant to the exams. Suggestions for improvement generally involved having less homework.
Prospective students should know that the workload is high, but the class is rewarding when
understood.
AS.171.202.01
242
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
Modern Physics
Nina Markovic
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the topics covered and the low workload compared to other
physics courses. Students especially liked getting an introduction to quantum physics. The worst aspect
of this course was the amount of topics covered. More time going in depth on a few topics was a
common suggestion for improvement. Prospective students should know that this is a good overview
course for physics majors or those with strong math backgrounds.
AS.171.204.01
Classical Mechanics II
Barry Blumenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
This class was highlighted by an engaging and approachable instructor, a useful and well-written
textbook, and information that is applicable and fun. Many students also gave high marks to the TA,
finding him helpful and very comfortable with the material. The grading structure for the course was the
worst aspect, with many students cited the two question midterm as the worst aspect of the course. The
most common suggestion for improvement was a better exam structure with more questions.
Prospective students should have a firm grasp on mathematics. The class is recommended.
AS.171.304.01
Quantum Mechanics II
Oleg Tchernyshyov
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The subject material in this course is the best aspect. Students found the lectures interesting, the
instructor enlightening, and the overall structure of the course challenging but rewarding. Some
students were displeased with the structure of exams, and thought the preparation (practice questions,
back exams) was inadequate. Suggestions for improvement included changing the structure of the
exams and providing better answer keys. Prospective students should know that while the subject is
difficult and often confusing, this course is interesting and will give you a thorough understanding of
quantum physics.
AS.171.310.01
Biological Physics
Robert Leheny
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
243
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
The highlight of this course was the instructor. Students gave consistently positive feedback regarding
his knowledge of the material, willingness to take questions during lecture, and his engaging and
interesting lecture style. Many students gave low marks to the workload, particularly the amount and
difficulty of the homework. Suggested improvements included less homework and more time with the
TA to cover some topics in depth. Prospective students should try to take this instructor, and know that
you will cover a lot on material but it is on the whole interesting and useful.
AS.171.410.01
Physical Cosmology
Charles Bennett
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the subject matter covered and the instructor's expertise and
firsthand experience with the topic. Learning from a world renowned expert is always a highlight. The
worst aspect of the course was the feedback on homework. Students found that there was little
explanation of what was done wrong so they were not able to improve. The suggestions for
improvement largely centered around having a more accessible TA and giving better feedback on
homework. Prospective students should know that this course is quite interesting, and is a great
introduction to cosmology and astronomy.
AS.171.411.01
Light and Optics
Brice Menard
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The highlights of this course include the range of topics covered and the hands-on experiments.
Students thought the instructor was very good about putting the material into context and relating it to
everyday life. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of feedback on graded material. The most
common suggestion for improvement was more clarity in the grading expectations and syllabus
schedule. Prospective students should know that this is an interesting and exciting course which
requires student participation.
AS.171.646.01
General Relativity
Julian Krolik
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.173.111.01-05
General Physics Laboratory I
Morris Swartz
244
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
Overall quality of the class: 3.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the hands-on experiments that tied together the theoretical
lessons, and the relatively low workload. The worst aspects of the course were the ambiguous lab
instructions and experiments that were intellectually dull. Suggestions for improvement included a
better lab manual and experiments that were better connected with the lecture or more exciting.
Prospective students should know that there is no homework, all the work is completed during lab time,
but this is not an exciting or terribly interesting course.
AS.173.112.01-23
General Physics Laboratory II
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.04
Summary:
The highest rated aspect of this course was the light workload. Everything is completed during the three
hour class meeting time, there are no pre- or post-labs. The worst aspects of the course were the often
disconnected nature of the experiments and the lack of clarity in the lab manual. Many students did not
find the labs benefited their understanding of the lecture section. Suggested improvements to the
course include a better lab manual and ensuring that the directions for lab days are clear at the start of
class. Prospective students should know that the course has a low workload and paying attention in
lecture will help during labs.
AS.173.116.01
Electricity and Magnetism Laboratory
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.34
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the light workload and the exposure to various lab equipment and
protocol. However, many of the labs seemed tedious, instructions and expectations were often unclear,
and the labs did not always correspond to the material being taught in lecture. Lab instructions that
were clear and reading material that was up to date were suggested ways to improve the course.
Prospective students should know that this is not the most intellectually challenging course, but with
minimal work and some interesting experiments.
AS.173.308.01-02
Advanced Physics Laboratory
Tobias Marriage
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the experiments, the clear relation to theory, and the intellectual
challenge. The worst aspects were the time required for the coursework and the often confusing
245
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
expectations for labs. The most common suggestion for improvement was clearer lab instructions and
guidelines. Prospective students should know that the course requires a significant weekly time
commitment, but will prove interesting and valuable.
246
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.190.102.01-08
Introduction To Comparative Politics
Nicolas Jabko
Overall quality of the class: 3.38
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course agreed that they received a well-rounded introduction
to comparative politics. Also, the TA sections were a great place for students to further discuss readings
and simplify them if they were difficult to understand. However, the readings were often much longer
than necessary and tough. The PowerPoint slides seemed useless, and the final exam was cumulative.
Students suggested that the course be more interactive and focus on fewer texts so that they can fully
grasp the meaning. Prospective students should know that the readings are more important than the
lectures so it is important do the readings, even though they are dense.
AS.190.228.01-06
The American Presidency
Adam Sheingate
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Prospective students intrigued by the evolution of the executive branch should enroll in this course.
Many students were pleased with learning about the history of American presidency and found it
interesting. They also appreciated the insightful feedback received from their TA. But, many students
said that the course was poorly instructed and that the professor's lectures lacked appeal at times. It
was suggested that the course focus on individual presidents and their successes instead of overall
presidency theory.
AS.190.266.01
Religion, Economics, and Terror
Phillip Brendese
247
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Overall quality of the class: 4.0
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course applauded their professor for challenging their
understanding of texts and key concepts. The professor brought a new perspective of political theory to
class and only assigned two essays and a group presentation for the semester. The grading of the
professor was rough and students didn't receive any of their grades until the end of the semester. To
improve the quality of this course, it was suggested that new readings with more diversity be assigned,
and a more even balance of coursework, and between lecture and discussion. Attendance and
participation are important, so prospective students should be ready for these expectations.
AS.190.282.01-02
Authority and Liberty (Classics of Political Thought III)
Jennifer Culbert
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the readings. Throughout the course, students grasped the
understanding of the writings of many popular philosophers. The professor was approachable and
committed to providing insight to her students as needed, and the TA gave detailed feedback to
students on their essays. In addition, class structure was clear and progressed at a great speed. The
worst aspects of this course were the harsh grading, the heavy reading load, and the dull subject matter.
Students suggested that the professor connect topics to real life examples and encourage more
participation. Prospective students should be interested in philosophy because it is tied into this course.
AS.190.300.01
Class Politics
Lester Spence
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The material covered and the instructor were the best aspects of this course. Professor Spence was
engaging, knowledgeable, and passionate about the topic. Students rated the amount of reading and
the length of the class meeting as the worst aspects of the course. Splitting the class meetings into two
shorter meeting times and a lighter reading load were suggested improvements to the course.
Prospective students should know this is an interesting course that lines up well with current events.
The instructor and the class are highly recommended.
AS.190.301.01-02
Global Political Economy
Renee Marlin-Bennett
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
248
POLITICAL SCIENCE
This course was highlighted by an engaging and knowledgeable instructor, fascinating readings, and
topics that covered a wide range of areas. Additionally, the TA for the course was given high marks for
his approachability and feedback. Students as a whole gave the deconstructed format of the term paper
the lowest marks. To improve the course it was commonly suggested that more of the readings relate to
current events and that clearer expectations regarding the final essay be set. Prospective students
should know that there is a fair amount of reading involved, but the topic is interesting and relevant for
various majors.
AS.190.302.01
How to be a Capitalist
Samuel Chambers
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the small class size, the intellectual challenge, and the enlightening
discussions. Many students found the time given to pure discussion particularly satisfying. However, the
bias toward more socialist/anti-capitalism readings was given a low rating by many students. The name
of the course was misleading in this respect. More balanced perspectives and a more diverse reading list
were some suggestions for improvements. Prospective students should know that this course is less
political theory and more economy. It is a highly recommended course.
AS.190.313.01
Dreams of America
Jane Bennett, Michael Hanchard
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The material covered over the semester was fascinating and gave a new perspective to a sometimes
clichd theme. The instructors often played off each other well, providing varying outlooks. However,
some students found the readings disconnected from the theme and thought the discussion often got
sidetracked. Suggestions for improvement included a better organized syllabus and better guidance on
the essays. Prospective students should know that this is an interesting course that is discussion based.
AS.190.334.01
Constitutional Law
Emily Zackin
Overall quality of the class: 4.93
Summary:
This course was highlighted by fascinating material, interesting discussions, and an engaged and
effective instructor. Many students enjoyed the course more than they expected specifically because of
Professor Zackin. However, some students thought the discussion often was sidetracked by one or two
students. More clarity regarding the expectations for background summaries was suggested as an
improvement to the course. Students interested in this course should know that the workload is
manageable, the material is fascinating, and this course is highly recommended.
249
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.190.341.01
Korean Politics
Erin Chung
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the open discussions, the six-party talk simulation, and the engaging
and enlightening instructor. Many students thought the amount of reading required was quite large and
rated that the worst aspect of the course. Lowering the amount of reading for each class was the most
common suggestion for improvement. Prospective students should know that while the workload can
be high, the course is a great addition to the East Asian studies and is recommended.
AS.190.381.01
Global Environmental Politics
Bentley Allan
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
This course was highlighted by a professor who was engaged, enlightening, and passionate about the
subject presented in this course. The classes were a mix of lecture and discussion, with relevant and
current readings. The worst aspect of this course was the heavy emphasis on discussion with such a
large class size. More feedback on written assignments and more opportunity for participation were
suggested improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that the course covered
interesting material and the instructor is fantastic. The class is highly recommended.
AS.190.385.01
Urban Politics and Policy
Lester Spence
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The high points in this class included the nature of the subject covered, the small class size which
enabled discussion, and the engaging instructor. Professor Spence was a passionate instructor for this
class and kept the discussion focused and moving. However, many students thought his feedback on
work was too slow and would have liked a bit more guidance on the final project. Better guidance was
the most common suggestion for improving the course. Prospective students should know that this
course is intellectually interesting and has a fairly low workload.
AS.190.392.01-02
Introduction to Latin American Politics
Margaret Keck
Overall quality of the class: 3.39
250
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting topics and the knowledgeable instructor. However,
many students thought the relaxed nature of the instructor led some students to take the class less
seriously and miss lectures or not participate, which detracted from the overall course. Lectures that are
more structured or required attendance were suggestions to improve the class. Prospective students
should know that the course is focused more on history and less on politics, and only covered three
countries in Latin America. This is a good course if you are looking for a broad overview of the topic and
a light workload.
AS.190.417.01
American Welfare State
Daniel Schlozman
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The highlights of this course included the interesting subject material, the fascinating readings, and the
instructor. Several students noted that the instructor facilitated and encouraged class discussions
centered on the readings. The volume of reading was cited as the worst aspect of the course. Reducing
the reading load or holding students accountable for the readings were both suggested as
improvements to the course. Prospective students should know that the course is intellectually
challenging and is very theoretical.
AS.190.423.01
Planetary Geopolitics
Daniel Deudney
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
This course is highlighted by a fascinating subject taught by very knowledgeable instructor. There is a
range of topics and readings ensuring that there will be something of interest to everyone. Though the
readings are interesting, there are several, which many students rated the worst aspect of the course.
Suggested improvements for the course included fewer readings and keeping class discussion more
focused. Prospective students should know this course is based on theoretical rather than practical
political science, and is highly recommended.
AS.190.424.01
Policy Disasters
Steven Teles
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the dynamic and engaging lectures, and the interesting topics.
The course deals with very current events and the instructor adapted the topics well to incorporate real
world examples. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of organization, with many students
referencing ambiguous or unclear dates for exams as one example. Suggested improvements to the
251
POLITICAL SCIENCE
course included allowing for a more open discussion and better organization. Prospective students
should know that they will read about one book per week of interesting material and should be
prepared to contribute to the class discussion.
AS.190.429.01
The Political Bases of the Market Economy
Nicolas Jabko
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.190.475.01
Courts, Politics and Public Policy
Steven Teles
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
This course was highlighted by fascinating readings and an engaged and knowledgeable instructor.
There was discussion and lecture, and students thought the combination worked well to keep the class
time moving. The worst aspects of the course were the disorganization of the instructor and the
unavailability of the TA. These were also the source of most suggestions for improvement, specifically,
having a TA who is available to meet in person (TA lived in Chicago), and providing dates of assignments
available at the start of the course. Prospective students should keep up with the readings and be
prepared to participate. This course is highly recommended.
AS.190.499.01
Senior Thesis: International Relations/Political Science
No Instructor Listed
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the chance to produce high quality independent research on a topic
you are passionate about with the guidance of an advisor. However, many students cited a lack of
guidance from the department as the worst aspect. Suggestions for improvement include creating a
seminar to give a sense of community to the students, and giving a bit more guidance regarding due
dates. Prospective students should know that this course requires self-discipline, motivation, and is very
rewarding.
AS.191.303.01
The Rise and Fall of the State
Adnan Naseemullah
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
252
POLITICAL SCIENCE
The best aspects of this course were the readings and the discussions facilitated by the instructor. The
small class environment made many students feel comfortable voicing their opinions and views during
discussions, and it was obvious that the instructor wanted his students to learn. Students also found the
formation of the state from past to present an interesting topic. Readings were lengthy and
monotonous and some topics weren't discussed in depth. It was suggested by students that the
professor begin telling them which pages they should pay attention to because often times they were
only focusing on certain parts of the assigned readings. Prospective students should prepare for a lot of
reading and to speak up during discussions.
AS.191.309.01
Non-Western Political Theory
Stuart Gray
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
According to students, the professor of this course was a joy to learn from. He loved the subject matter
and was very open-minded. He also made himself readily available to his students by having office
hours. Throughout the course, students were encouraged to critically examine texts by writing papers.
The only complaint that students had was that the readings were difficult to comprehend. It was
suggested that the classroom be in a more central location. Prospective students should know that a
reasonable portion of the course is comprised of reading.
AS.191.317.01
Interest Groups, Social Movements and the Policy Process
Chloe Thurston
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course liked the readings, discussion, the small class size and the freedom
given to them when it came to final papers and presentations. Some of the readings were excessive and
complicated and the class was 2.5 hours long for each period. Suggestions for improvement include:
meeting twice a week instead of once and diving into discussion deeper than the readings. The course
assumes that students have a basic background of American politics, so prospective students should be
aware of that.
AS.191.320.01
Geopolitics, Geography, Technology and Power
Thomas Williams
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
Many students agreed that the small class size fostered a close relationship with the course instructor.
The course made students look at politics and the interaction between society and the geography of the
earth. But the large amounts of reading, the ridiculous midterm, and the dull class structure were low
points of this course. It was suggested by students that readings be cut down and that the instructor
253
POLITICAL SCIENCE
make his lectures more engaging. Prospective students interested in politics, international relations, and
political configuration should enroll in this course.
AS.191.322.01
Globalization, Development, Conflict in the Developing World
Soundarya Chidambaram
Overall quality of the class: 3.74
Summary:
The interesting and controversial topics covered during this course allowed students to debate in class,
and the enthusiasm of the professor brought about discussion as well. The professor's lectures were
organized and this encouraged students to participate. In addition, she provided valuable feedback on
papers. However, the designation of assignments was disorganized and students felt like the professor
dissected the readings too much. To improve this course, it was suggested that there be a new professor
chosen, a new curriculum implanted a smaller class size to make discussion easier. According to
students, this course will not be offered again, so prospective students should know this in case they
were interested in enrolling.
AS.191.336.01
On Diet: Are We What We Eat?
Arthur Rebrovick
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
Throughout this course, students broadened their view of the food system and spectrum of production.
The discussions were lively and the topics challenged students to think in different ways. In addition, the
professor made expectations clear and the assignments weren't too taxing. Many students wanted the
course to dissect more contemporary examples, and they weren't pleased with the professor's grading
style. Suggestions for improvement include: readings that connect to each other, a wider range of topics
discussed, and interactive learning material like videos and movies. Prospective students should know
that the course follows the syllabus well.
AS.191.394.01
Third World Environment and Development
Anatoli Ignatov
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
Students who were enrolled in this class really enjoyed it because of the array of topics covered. Many
students agreed that they were given the chance to contemplate many issues that connected directly to
their lives, which added more fuel to their fires that desired more about social and environmental
issues. But students expected more time for discussion and a lighter reading load. It was suggested that
clearer and more concise PowerPoints be used and that lecture time be cut down so that discussion is
able to happen. GECS majors would be great prospective students of this course.
254
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.191.444.01
International Law
Phillip Spector
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The strongly committed professor of this course gave awesome lectures and provided students with a
thorough introduction to international law. He was also available for questions and provided
constructive feedback. Many students agreed that the take home final and two papers were fair in the
work load department, and felt that the course covered a wide range of material. However, this class
was held at night for 2.5 hours, and students disliked that aspect. It was suggested that more examples
of contemporary issues should be given and that there were more opportunities for discussion.
Prospective students should know that although the readings are complicated, the light coursework
makes up for it.
255
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.661.110.01-02
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Jay Thompson
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
According to students, this course allowed them to practice group project and presentation skills. The
professor was flexible when it came to deadlines, and he also was patient and kind. Many students
agreed that they learned how to write clearly and concisely. The texts used did not receive good reviews
and the group project paired some students with others that portrayed horrible work ethic. It was
suggested that more graded assignments be added to the course, that the group project be individual,
and that more resources such as handouts be used as a teaching tool. This course will give prospective
students the break they might need from their typical workload.
EN.661.110.03
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
During this course, students learned how to write grant proposals and refine their rhetorical skills. The
small class size made students feel comfortable participating in discussions led by the professor, and
they received individual attention. The workshops were helpful for the most part, and the professor's
feedback was appreciated. But, it was nearly impossible to get an A in this course, and the professor's
expectation for course work was unreasonable. Suggestions for improvement include: student examples
for the research report and long report assignments, a clearer grading policy, and stricter deadlines.
Prospective students should be aware of the huge time commitment this course will be.
EN.661.110.04-05
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Caroline Wilkins
256
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The community that was created in this course is a difficult thing to find at this university. The professor
was very supportive, and group work was beneficial to students. The assignments helped students learn
about different aspects of communication, and they were also able to practice writing for various
audiences. Feedback was slow, and the professor was not available via email on the days class didn't
meet. In addition, the textbooks were barely used. It was highly suggested by students that the
professor be timelier in returning feedback and that she use Blackboard. Prospective students should
know that the work required is doable.
EN.661.110.06-07
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Benjamin Parris
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that it provided students with very practical skills. They learned how
to create their own resume and cover letter, and the work load is shared between groups of students.
The book required for this course was never used and there were a couple weeks where the
assignments overlapped. Also, many students felt like they were not taught much after the first
assignment. Suggestions for improvement include: more feedback, tighter deadlines, and less class time
because the whole time was never used. Prospective students should know that attendance is very
important. Missing three classes will reduce their grade.
EN.661.111.01
Professional Communication for ESL Students
Laura Davis
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.150.01-02
Oral Presentations
Kevin Dungey
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
During this course students practiced their presentation skills almost every week. Through these
presentations, students began to feel more comfortable speaking in front of groups. The instructor
created a supportive class environment and gave helpful feedback and personal advice. The instructor
genuinely cared for his students and built individual relationships with them as well. The only things that
students really complained about were that the class was three hours long, and that sometimes their
grades weren't clear. Suggestions for improvement include: a concrete syllabus, more feedback, more
257
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
classes with fewer students, and the professor taking improvement in account for final grades.
Prospective students have been encouraged to take this course with Dungey.
EN.661.150.03; 05
Oral Presentations
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The interactive format of this course allowed students to practice public speaking, witness their results,
and bond with their classmates. The consistent rehearsal forced students to give and receive
constructive criticism, and the professor's comments were always appreciated. However, preparing a
speech every week was taxing and the class was three hours long. Also, the video journals required a
great amount of work, but were only worth a small percentage of students' grades. To improve this
course, it was suggested that the grading system be more lax, that different styles of speech be focused
on, and that the class videos be posted on the same day as class periods, so that ideas would are fresh
on students' minds. Prospective students with tough class schedules are not recommended to enroll in
this section, but if they are serious about improving their skills they should.
EN.661.150.04
Oral Presentations
Jason Heiserman
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
Prospective students looking to become more comfortable speaking in front of groups of people and
seeking a push out of their comfort zone should enroll in this course. The weekly presentations
guarantee that students' will see a significant change in their presentation skills with the help of the nice
professor who had no problem giving feedback. But, the presentation topics were uninteresting at times
and the students would've liked to see themselves recorded more often. Also, the professor of this
section fell ill and another instructor had to take over for two weeks. Students were not fond of her
grading style. It was suggested that students be able to speak in front of bigger groups and that they
study other speakers so they can learn from them.
EN.661.150.06
Oral Presentations
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
An intimate and supportive environment with many opportunities for speaking in front of others gave
students the chance to improve their presentation skills immensely. The assignments were interesting
and the professor provided helpful and encouraging feedback. However, the readings were often dull
and seemed unnecessary, and the workload is quite high. Better reading material, lectures about
engaging the audience, and less weight on each speech were suggestions to improve the course.
258
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Prospective students should prepare for the significant workload. They will also learn a great deal about
themselves, step out of their comfort zone, and have a fun time improving very important skills.
EN.661.150.07-08
Oral Presentations
Andrew Kulanko
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course agreed that they quickly found out what their strengths
and weaknesses were and learned ways to target both. Feedback was given by both the professor and
other students. The small class environment really made students participate and develop their
communication skills. However, many students found the weekly speeches to be overwhelming. In
addition, the quizzes were tricky and the TA took a while to respond to emails. Suggestions for
improvement include: Blackboard use and either the elimination of quizzes or a change in the type of
content on them. Prospective students who are usually shy speakers will see a dramatic change if they
enroll in this course.
EN.661.151.01
Oral Presentations for ESL
Laura Davis
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
All skills learned during this course could be applied outside of the classroom at jobs and graduate
school. Many students felt that the class environment was positive and they practice a great amount
with interesting topics. Also, all presentations were videotaped. Students wished that technical/research
presentations were included in the curriculum of this course and would have preferred a smaller class so
that focusing on each person wasn't so difficult to do. It was suggested that the writing reports not be
used anymore because they were not helpful and that the class size be limited to 6-8 students.
Prospective students should be aware that they will be expected to read two short books in addition to
presenting every week.
EN.661.170.01
Visual Rhetoric
Charlotte O'Connell
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
This course explored the importance of visual rhetoric and graphic design by introducing students to
software programs such as Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator. Many students viewed the skills they
accumulated throughout this course as applicable and the professor made sure not to baby them, but
instead treated them with a level of professionalism. The workload was quite heavy and some
assignments were more challenging than others. Also, the course limits enrollment to 15 students,
which made it nearly impossible for students to enroll. Suggestions for improvement include: increasing
259
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
enrollment, more class meeting times, different assignments, more time spent on Adobe, and creating a
second part to this course. Prospective students should have an ample amount of time to set aside for
the course work.
EN.661.315.01
The Culture of the Engineering Profession
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The professor of this course kept his students entertained while giving them great insight into the
engineering profession. Students learned how to write report/memo documents and they had to
interview current engineers in the workplace for two assignments. But students would have liked to
speak more in class instead of having the professor lecture non-stop and tell anecdotes. Also, work was
handed back late and assignment specifications were unclear. It was suggested that Blackboard be used,
that a TA be available to grade assignments, and that students receive better explanations and
feedback. Prospective students should be prepared to work harder than ChemBE courses.
EN.661.315.02
The Culture of the Engineering Profession
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
This course was discussion-based and it was refreshing for students to hear the insight of their peers and
it helped them see things in a different light. The professor was very attentive to her students and was
helpful when she was asked questions. There were many opportunities for students to do group work
and there was a rewrite policy that was rewarding and taken advantage of. The culture project was time
consuming and required a lot of trips off campus, and the guidelines for assignments were not always
understood. Also, many students found the interview presentation to be unbearable because they only
had two days to prepare for it. To improve this course, it was suggested that there be one TA grading
papers, that the course be more organized, that assignments be spread out, and more focus on written
communication. Prospective students should be able to balance the work load of this course.
EN.661.317.01
The Culture of the Medical Profession
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
Many students agreed that the guest speakers were the best aspect of this course. Speakers came from
all aspects of the health care system and were informative and encouraged engaging conversations. The
course was extremely helpful to pre-med students. There were no exams and students got involved with
role play. At times, the reading assignments were unclear, and the snow days threw the schedule off a
bit. Also, discussions occasionally went off topic and the reflection papers were not enjoyed by every
260
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
student. More role play and assignment instruction were suggested improvements. Prospective
students should be prepared to digest a lot of good and bad information about the medical profession.
EN.661.454.01
Blogging and Online Copywriting
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
During this course, students created a professional blog with freedom of direction from their professor.
Students also were taught about industry trends and developing applicable, marketable skills. However,
the blog was only focused on for the first three weeks of class and there were few assignments following
that. Also, it was easy to get distracted during class periods because everyone had their laptops out.
Suggestions for improvement include: more blogging and interactive material and less lecture, more
course organization, add social media components, and eliminate mini assignments. Prospective
students must be willing to blog weekly along with other assignments.
EN.661.610.01
Research Writing for ESL
Denise Link-Farajali
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.613.01
Professional Communication for ESL: Financial Math
Denise Link-Farajali
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
Students enrolled in this course improved upon their English communication skills. The negotiation and
mock interview segments seemed to be highlights of the course, and the instructor was friendly. But the
boring articles read during class made it even more difficult for students to pay attention and want to
attend the late Friday afternoon meeting time. It was suggested that the class time be rescheduled, that
there be a smaller class size, and that American songs be covered. Prospective students do not need
previous background or experience.
261
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
PSYCHOLOGY AND BRAIN SCIENCES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.200.110.01
Introduction to Cognitive Psychology
Jonathan Flombaum
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
This course was highlighted by an engaging instructor, entertaining lectures, and an overall interesting
subject. Many students had a favorable impression of the instructor as someone who genuinely cares
about their progress in the course. Despite this, the readings seemed irrelevant at times, and the
instructor tended to ramble. Some suggestions for improvement included a better distribution of
reading across the semester to even out the load and smaller sections for more student discussions.
Prospective students should know that by attending lectures and keeping up on the readings they will
succeed in the course. This course is recommended by the students.
AS.200.133.01
Introduction to Social Psychology
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material, the engaging lecture style of the
instructor, and the low workload. Many students noted that the course is fairly easy, with no homework
and four exams of equal weight. However, the size of the class was widely rated as the worst aspect of
the course, with almost 500 people in one lecture. Some suggested improvements included posting
lecture notes or slides online and having a discussion section. Prospective students should know that the
large class size may be intimidating, but if you attend lectures and take notes you will do well.
AS.200.141.01
Foundations of Brain, Behavior and Cognition
Linda Gorman
262
PSYCHOLOGY AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging instructor, the interesting range of topics, and the
availability of recorded lectures. Many students thought the instructor was able to hold their interest for
the entire class and felt that she genuinely cared about their success in the course. The worst aspect of
the course by far was the speed at which Dr. Gorman speaks. Many people found it difficult to catch
everything she was saying because of this. Suggestions for improving the course included covering topics
more in depth rather than over breadth and slowing down the pace of the lectures. Prospective
students should know that this course covers a large amount of material, and attendance at lectures is
key.
AS.200.161.01
Illusions, delusions, and other confusions
Howard Egeth
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting reading materials, the engaging class discussions,
the low work load, and the anecdotes from the instructor. Many students thought this was a good toe in
the water course for those interested in psychology. The worst aspects of the course were the uneven
spacing of the readings, the dry lecture style of the instructor, and the lack of student participation
during class. Suggested improvements for the course included making it more interactive or discussion
based and giving time for small group discussions. Prospective students should know that the material is
interesting and it provides a good amount of information for a one credit course.
AS.200.204.01-02
Human Sexuality
Chris Kraft
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The instructor and the material covered were rated as the best aspects of this course. The instructor was
engaging, informative, and not shy or embarrassed when discussing taboo subjects. The material
presented was timely and the instructor included patient experiences to illustrate the information. The
worst aspects of this course were the essay assignments which many students found disconnected from
the material, and some students thought the instructor was biased and insensitive. Some suggestions
for improving the course included providing more specific feedback on written assignments, breaking up
the class time to shorter, more frequent classes, and encouraging more student led discussion.
Prospective students should know that the course has a low workload, but don't neglect to study and
read the materials. You should be open to discussing topics that might be taboo or embarrassing.
AS.200.208.01
Animal Behavior
Gregory Ball, Farrah Madison
263
PSYCHOLOGY AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the entertaining and engaging instructors, the interesting material
presented, the relatively low workload, and the videos shown in class. Many students noted that despite
the dry nature of the material, the instructor's presentation style kept them interested. The worst
aspects of the course included the early time slot (9am), a cumulative final that was not weighted
differently, the inclusion of a research paper, and some repetition between lecturers. Suggestions for
improving the course included getting rid of either one exam or the research paper, making lecture
recordings or notes available online, and more comprehensive exam reviews. Prospective students
should know that the lectures and information presented is interesting overall, but the course is not an
easy A. Read the textbook, attend lecture, and study and you will do fine.
AS.200.211.01
Sensation & Perception
Stewart Hendry, Melissa Kibbe, Steven Yantis
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the interesting material covered, the engaging and
knowledgeable instructors, and the amount of information presented in a semester. The worst aspect of
this course was the exams. The format was short answer, and was challenging to study for because of
the amount of information covered. Suggestions for improving the course included slowing down the
pace of lectures, more opportunities for graded work, and having more guidance regarding the exams.
Prospective students should know that there is a lot of memorization required, the grading is curved,
but the course is interesting overall.
AS.200.301.01
History of Psychology
Paul Hofer
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course agreed that the professor was able to keep his class
engaged for a full 2.5 hours by performing thought-provoking lectures that covered anything from social
psychology to neuroscience. In addition, the light course work made the course manageable, there were
no exams required, and class met once a week. However, readings became intensive and the quizzes
were at times trivial. The long class periods consumed students' afternoons/evenings and the class was
slightly too large to engage in discussion. It was suggested that reading assignments be reduced, that a
variety of graded assignments be implemented, more discussion be encouraged, and more group work
be a part of the course. Prospective students should be able to comprehend and retain information
because their grade will be based solely off of reading quizzes.
AS.200.304.01
Neuroscience of Decision Making
Veit Stuphorn
264
PSYCHOLOGY AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The topics discussed during this course seemed to be the highlight of students' satisfaction. The
professor made sure to include all details of the subject matter so that students gained a thorough
understanding of it. Many students were intrigued by the class became interested in going into the
Neuroscience field. Also, quizzes forced students to study the material and kept them on track.
Participation points weighed heavily on students' final grades and made them feel forced to talk about
topics they didn't know about or understand. In addition, students would have liked to receive more
feedback on their participation, a grade for their presentations, and the option to drop their two lowest
quiz scores. Suggestions for improvement include: an increase in feedback, recorded lectures so
students could refer back or watch if they missed class, a change in quiz structure, and less weight
placed on participation. Prospective students should be willing to read a ton of papers and be ready to
talk about them.
AS.200.306.01
Psychology in the Workplace
Heather Roberts Fox
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The professor of this course always displayed an upbeat attitude, which made coming to class desirable
for students. The course included lots of interactive activities, and many students enjoyed learning the
real world applications of course materials. Prospective students looking to learn information that will
be useful to their life after college should enroll in this course. The low points of this course include: the
tedious assignments, the sometimes boring lectures, and the student-led facilitations. Students
suggested that more guest speakers be a part of this course, that assignments be more fun, and that
class facilitation be eliminated.
AS.200.317.01
Interpersonal Relations
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course loved that it was so relatable to their lives. The course material
focused on relationships, and each week the students were left wanting more. Many students agreed
that the seminar-style was beneficial to their learning, and they had the opportunity to investigate a
topic of their choice, while using the information they learned in class. In addition, the knowledgeable
professor pointed out strengths and weaknesses of psychology research, which helped students become
more critical of the studies they read. However, class was cancelled many times, the grading system
seemed unfair, and the large class size at times hindered discussion. Suggestions for improvement
include: a revision of the grading system, a progress report of participation, and a reduction in class
cancelations. Prospective students should know that the paper will be worth half of their grade, so they
should begin early.
265
PSYCHOLOGY AND BRAIN SCIENCES
AS.200.325.01
Law Psychology: Clinical Application
Lawrence Raifman
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of this course seemed to be the discussions and the subject matter. Class was more of
a conversation and analysis of case studies rather than lecture, which students found to be a great
quality. The professor encouraged open-mindedness and provided "cool" examples to his students. Also,
the workload was pretty light. The lectures were often times difficult to follow because the professor
was all over the place, and students wanted more feedback on their work. In addition, the class was
tiring because of the length and the lack of visual aids made lectures boring and monotonous. To
improve this course, a short break during class should be implemented, a few more graded assignments
be added, and a better overall structure be considered. Prospective students do not need any prior
knowledge or background.
AS.200.328.01
Theory & Methods in Clinical Psychology
David Edwin
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
The professor of this course provided his students with a ton of knowledge based on first-hand
experiences he had throughout his career. He also made sure that he went through the course material
thoroughly, and he allowed students to turn in their papers early so that they could receive his feedback
before turning in the final copy. Many students agree that they were introduced to a variety of clinical
applications that they felt would only be discussed in graduate school. But, sometimes the lectures were
both repetitive and lasted the entire class time. Students would've preferred a longer break and more
graded assignments. Suggestions for improvement include: a revised grading system, more meeting
times, and guest speakers. Prospective students should know that their grade will be based on three
papers.
AS.200.336.01-03
Foundations of Mind
Lisa Feigenson, Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
Both professors of this course were well-versed in the subject matter and the sections and experiments
done by the students helped them better understand the material better. Both professors were also
organized and seemed to be good lecturers. The course didn't require a book, so students saved money,
and the exams were fair. However, the QALMRI papers were worth a lot of students' grades and the
instructions for them were unclear. Also, Halberda went off on tangents that distracted students from
the lecture. To improve this course, it was suggested that clear expectations be set for QALMRI papers
266
PSYCHOLOGY AND BRAIN SCIENCES
and having only one professor teach the course because of the extreme difference in their styles.
Prospective students should be comfortable with science writing.
AS.200.343.01
Motivation
Herbert Petri
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
Prospective students who seek a course with a fairly light work load and interesting material that might
be useful for their future should enroll in this course. The class usually started with lecture and ended
with student presentations and students enjoyed this structure. Also, it was helpful that the professor
wrote the book required for the course and his lectures aligned perfectly with the text. The student
presentations were often unsuccessful because of a lack of following directions, and some students
found it difficult to learn because most of the class was comprised of presentations. Suggestions for
improvement include: clicker questions, revision of presentation schedule, and guest speakers.
AS.200.361.01
Tests & Measurements
Heather Roberts Fox
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course really liked the Skype interview aspect because they were able to
ask guest speakers questions about their field of study. During the course, psychological assessment was
the focus and many students found this both helpful and important. Also, the professor was very
experienced and followed the course syllabus. The lack of communication between the professor and
students caused a great amount of confusion and there was only one midterm required. It was
suggested that class time be used more efficiently, that the professor be more organized and set clear
guidelines, and that class start on time. Prospective students do not need any previous background but
should be able to work in less than organized situations.
AS.200.364.01
Advanced Topics in Cognitive Development
Melissa Kibbe
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The professor's enthusiasm and passion for the subject matter of this course was contagious. The
comfortable class environment was encouraged by her friendly nature, and students were pushed to
think critically as a researcher. Many students agreed that the vigor of this course prepared them for
graduate school, and the small class size made discussions exciting. The work load was insane and the
papers were challenging, and the amount of independent work required was overwhelming to students.
To improve the quality of this course, it was suggested that the larger paper project be started earlier,
267
PSYCHOLOGY AND BRAIN SCIENCES
that quizzes be implemented to access reading comprehension, and that fixed deadlines be set.
Prospective students should be prepared to work, but know that grading is pretty fair.
AS.200.368.01
Altered States of Consciousness
Richard Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
During this course, students learned valuable information regarding sleep and sleep disorders that they
will refer to for the rest of their lives. The course also included tons of opportunities for students to
build their grade like a group project, exams, and independent research. Also, students were able to
hear about the personal experiences of both the professor and other guest speakers who were sleep
experts. However, students complained of ineffective lectures, disorganization, and unclear
expectations. It was suggested that PowerPoints be available before class, that instructions be clarified,
that the course be more organized, and there be more exam preparation. A Neuroscience background is
not required but recommended for prospective students.
AS.200.370.01
Functional Human Neuroanatomy
Susan Courtney-Faruqee
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
According to students, this course really required them to know the ins and outs of the brain. The
professor of this course was well-versed in the subject matter and the homework labs were helpful to
many students. Also, there were extra credit opportunities and students were allowed to drop their
lowest quiz grade. The course seemed weak on the anatomy side of things and lectures were dull and
repetitive. Students found taking notes to be difficult because PowerPoint slides were not available.
Suggestions for improvement include: a Smartboard so that the professor can draw pictures to make
things clearer, more organized and engaging lectures, and recordings of lectures. This class requires
memorization, so prospective students should be willing to designate time for intense studying.
AS.200.376.01
Psychopharmacology
Hita Adwanikar, Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the lectures and the professor. The lectures were fantastic and
available online for students in case they missed class. Dr. Gorman did an awesome job of keeping
students captivated during lecture and the course was very relevant to college culture. There were
plenty of chances for students to rack up extra credit points and there were open book exams. However,
the worst aspect was Dr. Adwanikar's lectures which were almost impossible to decipher because of her
mumbling. Students suggested that Dr. Gorman teach the course alone, a textbook be used and more
268
PSYCHOLOGY AND BRAIN SCIENCES
overall organization be implemented. Prospective students should know that the open book exams are
not to be taken lightly and they are difficult.
AS.200.386.01
Animal Cognition
Peter Holland
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course agreed that the professor was very accessible and willing to help.
Students liked the videos and the readings, and also found the PowerPoint slides to be a great
supplement to the lecture. But it was hard for students to relate the information they learned to
everyday life. Also, the textbook was boring and useless, and final grades were based on a midterm and
a final. Students suggested that there be a field trip to the zoo or some sort of animal lab to spice up the
class, and they would have liked more graded assignments. Prospective students should know that they
shouldn't not rely on the textbook, but take good notes instead.
269
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.280.101.01
Introduction to Public Health
Miriam Alexander
Overall quality of the class: 3.72
Summary:
The best aspects of this course seemed to be the guest lectures and the group labs. The guest speakers
discussed interesting and relevant public health issues and the labs allowed students to collaborate and
talk about term paper expectations. Many students also found it helpful that the professor was an actual
M.D. and public health professional. However, the course required lots of busy work, and some of the
guest speakers were dry. To improve this course, it was suggested that more interactional components
such as video clips be used and to change the structure of the exam. Prospective students should know
that this course could be appealing to non-Public Health majors.
AS.280.120.01-04
Lectures on Public Health and Wellbeing in Baltimore
Phillip Leaf
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
Prospective students looking for a course that includes speakers from a variety of backgrounds should
take this. The diversity among the speakers always kept this class interesting. Students said that this was
an easy one credit course that was comprised of a small amount of work. The reading quizzes were seen
as unfair and class discussion was limited. To improve this course, it was suggested by students that
there be field trips and that an actor from the TV show, "The Wire" be a guest speaker.
AS.280.320.01
Seminar on Public Health and Wellbeing in Baltimore
Phillip Leaf
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
270
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course said that it was one of their favorite Public Health courses they
have taken. Each week presents a new topic, and guest speakers from all over the Baltimore area visit
the class. Students found the course to be challenging in a fun way, and the professor was clearly
committed to teaching his students. However, some of the speakers were completely disengaging and
the professor would go on rants sometimes. Suggestions for improvement include: less time spent on
clicker questions, more participatory activities and better guest speakers. Prospective students should
know that the course is more beneficial than taking a one credit seminar.
AS.280.340.01-07
Fundamentals of Health Policy and Management
Donald Steinwachs
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
The lab discussions and the guest speakers seemed to be the best aspects of this course. The
controversial issue of the Affordable Care Act was covered during this course, and students also grasped
an idea of how healthcare works in the United States. In addition, the TA sections solidified material for
students and also brought up new subject matter. Lectures were often times boring, repetitive, or too
detailed or complicated, and the TA's were harsh at times. Students suggested that the professor use a
microphone because he is hard to understand, the exams better reflect lectures, and more appealing
presentations and guest speakers. Prospective students interested in the Affordable Care Act should
take this course.
AS.280.347.01
Health Data Analysis Practicum
Scott Zeger
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Many students loved that this course was comprised of a hands-on data analysis project that applied
concepts they learned in Introduction to Biostatistics. Students also learned R, which is a great tool to
have for the future. In addition, the TA devoted one-on-one time to each student, and great bonding
opportunities were available among peers. Students were not pleased with this course only being two
credits because the work load was extremely heavy, and many students felt that the professor didn't
teach the R and that they were expected to learn it on their own. It was suggested that more hands-on
practice with R be given, a TA with more availability be used, an increase of course credits be
implemented and more structure so that students don't feel without guidance. Familiarity with R is a
plus for prospective students.
AS.280.350.01-05
Fundamentals of Epidemiology
Darcy Phelan-Emrick
271
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The professor of this course had an obvious love for Epidemiology and it was infectious. The homework
and practice problems were extremely helpful to students, and the exams were straightforward and fair.
Many students realized that the methods learned in this course can be applied to many different fields
and can be used to analyze and understand public health problems. However, students despised the
discussion section of the course, and felt like the professor treated them like children. In addition,
students would've found a practice final exam to be very helpful. It was suggested that students be able
to choose which discussion sessions they want to attend, as long as they attend six, and that a second
part to the course be created. Prospective students must put in the time in order to receive a good
grade.
AS.280.360.01
Clinical & Public Health Behavior Change
Lawrence Cheskin
Overall quality of the class: 3.59
Summary:
According to students, there was a pretty broad range of topic covered during this course and for the
most part, the guest speakers were alluring. Many students enjoyed hearing about the guest speakers'
personal experiences and how they got into the public health field. And the amount of work required for
this course was little to none. However the minimal amount of work left only a few grading
opportunities. Also, the course deviated from the syllabus, lectures were difficult to hear and boring,
and the TA wasn't helpful at all. Better overall course structure, more graded assignments, and a new TA
were suggestions made by students. The problem with this course was the way the material was taught,
so prospective students should still enroll because the content is compelling.
AS.280.375.01
Cultural Factor of Public Health
Thomas Laveist
Overall quality of the class: 3.66
Summary:
The material taught during this course is relevant to everyday conversations about public health and
there was an emphasis put on the difference between facts and opinion. Misconceptions were also
addressed so that students would be informed and conscious of different issues. The TAs were 100
percent committed to their job and approachable. The guest speakers representing each module were
also appreciated. But students complained that the professor was never present and that the course
was disorganized. In addition, the large class size made discussions very difficult to facilitate and the
long, detailed study guides were not given out until 48 hours before the quizzes. Suggestions for
272
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
improvement include: overall course organization, lecture changes, less memorization-based quizzes,
and more class discussion. Prospective students will be happy to know that there is not work required,
but the course has structure issues.
AS.280.380.01
Global Health Principles and Practices
Peter Winch
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The professor of this course kept his students interested by including anecdotes in his lectures,
facilitating discussion, and opening the classroom up to guest speakers. The assignment prompts were
"cool," and the course went in-depth with topics, instead of scratching the surface like many other
survey courses. About 70 percent of the students' grades were based on two writing assignments and
the online quizzes and tests were not enjoyed. Also, students were flooded with emails and no one felt
comfortable participating in class discussions. It was suggested that participation and attendance be a
part of the grading system so that more people are encouraged to speak up and attend class. It was also
suggested that the online quizzes and tests be done in class. This course requires a lot of work, and
prospective students should know that there are five modules to cover within a short period of time.
AS.280.406.01
U.S Military Policy and Public Health
Remington Nevin
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
Many students agreed that they got an overall grasp of military policy and its impact on public health.
The professor was very engaging and told personal anecdotes to supplement class material, and from
the beginning students knew what was expected of them. But students complained of a lot of work
being crammed into the end of the semester and said that the professor was biased and let his opinions
overshadow facts. It was suggested that there be more questions added to the exams so that each
question be worth less and that the course be more seminar-style, instead of lecture-based. Prospective
students should expect to get the results of what they put in.
AS.280.411.01-02
"Where You Live Matters": The Role of "Place" in Racial/Ethnic Disparities
Caryn Bell
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
This course was perfectly formatted for students with about 70 percent lecture and 30 percent
activities. The assignments were interactive, and students could apply all the frameworks. In addition,
the grading was fair. The readings were seen as useless because they were never discussed. Suggestions
for improvement include: guest speakers, a no laptop policy, and a field trip. Prospective students will
gain a good grip on public health theories.
273
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
AS.280.412.01
The HIV/AIDS Pandemic: An Enquiry Concerning Epidemiologic Understanding
Peter Rebeiro
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
According to students, this course helped them improve on their Epidemiology skills, and although the
scientific journals were challenging, the professor broke them down in understandable pieces. Also, the
quizzes assessed students' progress throughout the course. In addition, the discussions were lively and
the presentations were compelling. But, some of the readings were too technical and there were not
enough lectures to explain scientific terminology that dealt with HIV. Students suggested that the
professor use more visual teaching tools like PowerPoints and that there be a study guide available for
the midterm. Prospective students should prepare for class by thoroughly reading the journals assigned.
AS.280.499.01
Honors in Public Health
Kelly Gebo, Jennifer Schrack
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
Prospective students looking for independent study where they can pursue new options and participate
in research should enroll in this course. Many students agreed that they were able to apply all the
knowledge that they have been building upon for the past three years to their senior thesis. Also,
students were given constant guidance throughout and the organized timeline made by the professors
was helpful to students. However, this course was extremely time consuming and there was a decrease
in structure and guidelines during the second semester. To improve this course, it was suggested by
students that there be mandatory meetings so that the professors can provide direction and more bio
statistical support for data analysis.
274
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
SOCIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.230.101.01-08
Introduction to Sociology
Timothy Nelson
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course agreed that the material covered sparked their interest. They also
agreed that the work load was manageable. The short essays were enjoyed by students, and they
appreciated that the professor connected Sociology to real world examples. However, the exam format
was inconsistent and there was a large amount of reading required. Students suggested that there be
more quizzes or exams and that they be in essay format, instead of multiple choice. Prospective
students are not required to have previous knowledge upon enrolling.
AS.230.150.01
Issues in International Development
Rina Argwala
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The skilled lecturer of this course keeps her students engaged and interested although the class periods
are over two hours long. Students who completed this course gained knowledge of the struggles faced
by different countries when dealing with development. It was also stated that the professor did an
excellent job of explaining confusing topics. But, students felt that the class length was horrible and that
the tests were hard and graded strictly. Suggestions for improvement include: more meeting times and
less reading. Prospective students should be willing to take hand-written notes and prepare for a ton of
reading.
AS.230.202.01
Research Methods for the Social Sciences
Lingxin Hao
275
SOCIOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 3.05
Summary:
During this course, students learned fundamental research methods and how to apply them in actual
research. Many students agreed that the final project was very hands-on, and the TA explained unclear
concepts well. However, many students expressed difficulty in understanding the professor and that the
lectures were often hard to follow. It was suggested that this course have more structure and more
understandable guidelines. Prospective students should enroll in this class only if they need to fill a
research course requirement or want to be a social scientist.
AS.230.244.01
Race and Ethnicity in American Society
Meredith Greif
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the class discussions. Students raved about how amazing they were.
The professor allowed the discussion to go in any direction students took it in, resulting in tremendous
participation and interaction. But, the amount of reading turned students off. Also, students wished that
the professor would have led discussion more because it almost always went off on tangents.
Suggestions for improvement include: more variety in class requirements such as projects, interactive
media, etc., and a decrease of readings. The environment of the class was very open, so prospective
students shouldn't worry about being politically correct.
AS.230.265.01
Research Tools and Technologies for the Social Sciences
Sahan Savas Karatasli
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
This course offers a hands-on learning style, as well as incredibly detailed homework assignment
instructions. The descriptions told students step-by-step what to do and they found this helpful. Many
students agreed that they learned how to use software relevant to social sciences. However, the
software programs at times became tedious and complicated for students. It was suggested that the
course include an even distribution of work load throughout the semester, and that the university
provide the software for students' personal computers. Prospective students should know that the
assignments are time consuming, so they should not procrastinate.
AS.230.285.01
Maritime East Asia
Huei-Ying Kuo
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
276
SOCIOLOGY
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course didn't feel burdened by the requirements of this class.
The assignments were well spaced out, and the material was interesting and useful. The professor was
willing to give students extra help and was also kind and considerate. The language barrier and dull
lectures made it extremely difficult for students to pay attention. It was suggested that this course
include more engaging activities and more advising at the beginning of the semester. Prospective
students must be passionate about the topic in order to enjoy the course.
AS.230.323.01
Qualitative Research Practicum
Katrina McDonald
Overall quality of the class: 2.25
Summary:
Many students enjoyed that this course required the hands-on field experience in research. Also
students learned how to create a qualitative sociological essay and connected with their classmates. The
disorganization of this course lessened the quality of this course and there were no clear instructions
given to students. In addition, students felt like there wasn't enough time to complete their work.
Suggestions for improvement include: a different professor and more guidance. Prospective students
should think twice about taking this course, especially if it isn't required.
AS.230.325.01
Global Social Change and Development Practicum
Beverly Silver
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
The topic studied during this course engaged students at a very profound level of thinking. Many
students felt that it was a great gateway course for actual research. The graduate students and
professor were very helpful and approachable and made sure they gave feedback, as well as met with
students during office hours. But the loose structure of the course and the delay of returning papers did
not meet the expectations of the students. It was suggested that greater clarity be provided in order to
improve the quality of this course. Prospective students will learn a great amount about research.
AS.230.341.01-04
Medical Sociology
Emily Agree
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Many students agreed that the information studied during this course was applicable to real-life
situations. The discussion in session was a highlight for students, and the professor was very attentive
and an awesome lecturer. However, the quizzes were horrible and the lectures were long and drawn
out. Students suggested that class periods be shortened and that there be more diversity among course
materials. Prospective students interested in a career in medicine should enroll in this course.
277
SOCIOLOGY
AS.230.346.01
Economic Sociology of Latin America
Magda von der Heydt-Coca
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
Prospective students who desire to take an introductory class that covers the economic, political and
sociologic structure of Latin America should enroll. Many students found the readings and class
discussion to be interesting, and the visual aspects that the professor used during lecture were valuable.
The extra class periods required to view movies was unreasonable and unfair to students, and at times
students said the professor was rude, disorganized, and showed favoritism. It was suggested that a new
professor be appointed and that there be more order brought to the course.
AS.230.372.01
Social Protest in Contemporary China
Yao Li
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course appreciated that the professor had direct experience
with course material. She was successful in facilitating discussion and she made sure that presentations
were lively. The course seemed to have taught its students a great deal about both Chinese history and
contemporary issues and how their politics and society has evolved. The final paper was worth too much
and often materials were repetitive. A bigger class would improve the quality of this course because
discussion participation would be greater. Prospective students do not need a prior background to take
this course.
AS.230.376.01
Sociology of Religion
Timothy Nelson
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The laid back and humorous professor of this course prompted great discussions about various religious
behaviors and their motivators. He also provided summaries of readings, and students thought they
were awesome tools for studying. The exams were essay format and the environment of the class was
low pressure. The constant focus on Christianity seemed biased, readings were heavy, and he was a bit
of an arbitrary grader. It was suggested by students that the number of readings be decreased and that
there be more hands-on activities. Prospective students should be interested in Sociology and know that
the readings can be dry, but overall the course will be worth it.
AS.230.380.01
Poverty and Social Welfare Policy
Kathryn Edin
278
SOCIOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 4.93
Summary:
Not only was this course engaging, but it also included so many opportunities for improvement. There
were highly interactive activities which reinforced the readings, and made sure that everyone was
grasping the concepts. Many students also liked the professor of this course and said she was
knowledgeable and encouraged eye-opening discussions. But, students disliked the participation policy
and the amount of reading. Suggestions for improvement include: guest speakers, a change in
participation requirements, and clearer guidelines. Prospective students will realize that the course is
not as hard as it seems.
AS.230.384.01
Global Urbanism: Planet Slums or World Cities?
Daniel Pasciuti
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the discussions and the professor. Students saw the discussions as
more enticing than the readings and the professor was accommodating and thoughtful. He also
challenged his students to think about the readings and the analysis of capitalist structure was
astonishing to many. The course readings were really heavy and to some students the course seemed to
be abstract and theoretical. To improve this course, it was suggested that there be precise guidelines set
for the group project and final paper, and that readings be cut down. A background in Sociology and
History would be beneficial to prospective students.
AS.230.396.01
Politics and Society
Joel Andreas
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Many students relished in the discussions they were able to have with their peers and their professor
who knew the course material well. They also thought that the readings were intellectually stimulating.
However, the reading and writing became intensive and the three hour class was too long for students.
It was suggested that class periods be shortened and that coursework be modified. Prospective students
should know that there are no exams, but memos due on a regular basis.
279
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.225.300.01
Contemporary Theatre and Film
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 3.59
Summary:
Many of the students enrolled in this course loved hearing anecdotes and insightful advice from their
prestigious and well-seasoned professor. Students felt like he wanted them to take away as much as
possible and thought the lectures were superb. However, many students felt that the professor went off
on conversational tangents and the course did not follow the syllabus at all. It was suggested that the
course be more structured, a faster pace, a clearer ending goal, and more timely feedback on
assignments. Prospective students do not need a background in film or acting. They just need to be
ready to have fun and soak up all the knowledge the professor throws at them.
AS.225.302.01
Acting & Directing Workshop II
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 3.20
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the scenes acted out by students and the professor's insightful
assistance. Many students enjoyed working with other actors and felt like the actually were working at
their craft as opposed to Acting I. However, the syllabus was not followed and the professor was often
distracted. Students suggested that this course get new, younger instructors and that the curriculum be
updated. A background in acting is highly encouraged for prospective students who are thinking about
enrolling in this course.
AS.225.308.01
Shakespeare in Performance
James Glossman
280
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
Prospective students who are looking for a small class with individualized attention so that they can
improve upon their acting techniques should enroll in this course. Many students agreed that after
taking this course they felt comfortable reading and performing Shakespeare. The honest and genuine
constructive criticism of the professor was also greatly appreciated. However, the excessive snow days
resulted in students missing two weeks of the course and it was hard to make up. In addition, the class
felt long for many students and some felt that the professor was too harsh. Suggestions for
improvement include: freedom of play selection, shorter class periods or more meeting times, more
time allotted on each piece.
AS.225.310.01
Stagecraft
William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.320.01
Performance
Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.323.01
Design for Stage
William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course learned how to apply themselves and produce projects that
exhibited their growth in designing stage sets. Students said that the professor did an excellent job of
preparing them for the future and that he brought the material alive. Also, the work load of the course
was light and the class discussions were enjoyable. The only bad aspects of the course seemed to be the
dark classroom setting and the occasional meandering class discussions. Students suggested more film
screenings and more explicit material to improve the quality of this course. Prospective students should
know that this course just might be one of the best at Hopkins.
AS.225.324.01
Adaption for the Stage
Joseph Martin
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
281
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.328.01
The Existential Drama: Philosophy and Theatre of the Absurd
Joseph Martin
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
According to students, it was clear to see that the professor for this course was highly knowledgeable of
the subject matter. He was engaging and always available to his students. The course offered a great
overview of many absurdist works, and the class discussions and final group project ensured fun times
for students. However, many students felt like a high level of intellect was needed in order to
understand what was going on. Also, students complained that the workload became very heavy
towards the end of the course. Suggestions for improvement include: spreading out course work over
the entire semester and making instructions more clear. Prospective students should be a fan of
philosophy.
AS.225.346.01-02
Creative Improvisation
Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
This interactive improvisational class allowed students to focus on themselves as well as their peers.
Every class was a new adventure and the professor taught her class useful stress reduction techniques.
Students didn't feel pressured or overwhelmed by work, but felt that each class just required
participation and an open mind. However, students felt that the course could be a bit more structured
and that it was long. It was suggested that progress reports be given to students and that they be able to
sit in chairs, instead of on the floor for three hours. Prospective student should be ready to break out of
their shells and get into the course.
282
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
WOMEN GENDER AND SEXUALITY PROGRAM DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.363.300.01
Thirty Year of AIDS: Fatigue, Failure and Fantasies
Vaibhav Saria
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The excited and informative professor for this course gave his students a fuller understanding of
anthropological methods, vulnerable and oppressed populations, and historical perspective. The
professor also gave helpful feedback and he was very personable and flexible. Lectures and readings
tended to be lengthy, causing students to lose focus and skim pages. To improve this course, it was
suggested that readings should be from current articles instead of the textbook. Prospective students
can expect a laid back environment and should have an interest in the AIDS epidemic.
AS.363.301.01
Feminist and Queer Theory
Charles Phillips
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.363.410.01
Worshipped Goddesses, Worshipping Women: Femininity, Religion, and Myth
Sarit Stern
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Many students agreed that the material featured in this course was fantastic and taught in an
interesting way. The professor was always willing to answer question both in person and via email. The
course also did not require too much reading or intensive papers. The only bad aspect of this course
283
WOMEN, GENDER, AND SEXUALITY PROGRAM
seemed to be that lectures often went on random tangents. Students suggested that there be an
interconnected discussion of Greek mythology rather than examining each figure piece by piece.
The course would be great for prospective students looking for more information on Greek mythology
with a twist.
AS.363.417.01
Working for Social Justice in Contemporary Urban Space (Internship/Practicum)
Thomas Gottbreht
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course were drawn to the internship aspect of this course. Students were
set up with an internship located in the Baltimore area and were encouraged to learn by experience.
The videos, class discussions and challenging topics also had students raving about this course. However,
the long class periods and heavy reading were disliked by students. Suggestions for improvement
include: varying readings so that material does not become repetitive, shorter class periods, and more
discussion of upcoming work. Prospective students prepared for an extremely heavy work load.
284
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2014
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.220.105.02
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Michael Booe
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Prospective students who are passionate about practicing their creativity in the writing realm should
enroll in this course. Poems and stories read in class were written by previous students, and the
professor allowed freedom within boundaries. The professor continued to encourage his students to
strive for improvement. The worst aspects of this course seemed to be the conflict of reading and
writing assignments due dates and the time spent on critiquing other people's work. Students suggested
that they receive more feedback from him and less from their peers.
AS.220.105.03
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Taylor Daynes
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
Many students agreed that the instructor for this course was more than willing to assist her students
and showed her support by giving feedback that led to better writing. The writing prompts were also
enjoyed by students. However, students thought that at times the instructor did not state clear
expectations and that the workshops were too time consuming. A suggestion made by the students was
that there be fewer workshops in the future. Prospective students will have a fairly light work load.
AS.220.105.04
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Cody Ernst
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
285
WRITING SEMINARS
Summary:
Prospective students seeking a course that will be filled with fun ways of learning fiction and poetry
writing should enroll in this course. The small group setting makes the environment a comfortable
community for students and their peers. The instructor did a great job of making instructions clear and
was successful with helping his students see a distinct difference in their writing. Many students found
poetry complicated and a daunting task to analyze and the lack of preparation of peers frustrated them.
Suggestions for improvement include: an expansion of literary devices taught and more writing
assignments and workshops.
AS.220.105.05
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Amanda Gunn
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
Students enrolled in this course were constantly involved in conversation during the semester. A good
balance between reading the works of authors and writing individual pieces was set by the instructor. In
addition, workshop meetings allowed students to receive constructive feedback. However, the strict
attendance policy left many students shaking their head and feeling it was unreasonable, especially for
commuters. It was suggested that a little more time be spent on lecture so that terms are fully
understood. Prospective students do not need a writing background, and the first half of the course
focuses on short stories, while the other focuses on poetry.
AS.220.105.06
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Taylor Koekkoek
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the instructor's helpfulness to his students. He gave clear advice and
insightful responses on papers and the class atmosphere made students feel free and not confined
within many guidelines. In addition, the work load was fairly light and students were able to brush up on
many writing techniques. However, the instructor's harsh grading seemed unreasonable to students.
Also there was no diversity among authors of the readings that the course required. It was suggested
that there be a uniformed grading system and exposure to more modern reading pieces. Prospective
students should not expect an easy A, although the course is not difficult.
AS.220.105.07
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Robert Mitchell Jr.
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
This course introduced non-writing majors to writing in a fun way. The instructor eased the pressure
students thought they would feel during this course, and he made them actually enjoy it more than a
286
WRITING SEMINARS
required course generally is by presenting material in an engaging way. But students felt like the amount
of writing required during workshops was way too much, and felt like they didn't have enough time to
come up with ideas. Suggestions for improvement include: a more structured grading system and more
time allotted to brainstorming. Prospective students should know that this instructor was highly
recommended.
AS.220.105.08
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Julia Heney
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
Students who were enrolled in this course found the writing assignments very helpful, and they could
see a significant change in their skills. They also enjoyed the luxury of one-on-one meetings with their
instructor, where they received feedback. In addition, many students liked the poems and short stories
they read during the course. But, many students realized that poetry writing was not for them, and
some students said that the instructor was passive aggressive and pessimistic. It was suggested that the
course involve more leniency from the instructor and less poetry. Prospective students should know that
the grading is somewhat harsh, but the course also will help them develop their skills through practice
and workshop.
AS.220.105.09
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Daniel Stintzi
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Many students who did not have much writing experience found this course to be rewarding because
they were exposed to literature and poetry that they may have otherwise overlooked or been
uninterested in. The instructor was laid back, but also helpful to his students. The difficultly of receiving
an A on assignments baffled students and the poetry section lost their attention. Suggestions for
improvement include: less male dominated fiction and more discussion. Prospective students should be
prepared to do one essay/poem a week.
AS.220.105.10
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Ruhal Kanakia
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Many of the instructors who taught this course were tough graders, but this instructor was not. He was
fair and students appreciated his feedback. Also many students thought the writing assignments helped
them practice their writing and discussions taught them how to improve. However, the peer critiques
done during workshops left some students feeling discouraged about their writing, and they disagreed
with their feedback. To improve this course, it was suggested that poems of greater relevance be
287
WRITING SEMINARS
reviewed and that students be able to write in a variety of styles. This class would be perfect for
prospective students who want to embark on a fun journey.
AS.220.105.11
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Kjerstin Kauffman
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The flexibility of this course encouraged students to get their creative juices flowing. They didn't feel
constricted to guidelines although they were in place for structure. Instead, they felt free to explore
ideas. Also, the writing workshops showed students their strengths and weaknesses so that they could
put in the effort to improve upon what was needed. However, many students said that their peers didn't
take workshop seriously, and this made it hard to get feedback from them. In addition, it was said that
following along with grades was impossible during this course, so students didn't know how they were
doing. Suggestions for improvement include: less emphasis on peer workshops, more course guidelines,
and more assignment options. Prospective students should enjoy open class discussions.
AS.220.105.12; 14
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Robert McDonald
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
According to students, creativity was at the center of this course. The instructor challenged his students
with interesting prompts that urged them to write well. The small class environment made class
discussions easier to achieve and the feedback given by the instructor was greatly appreciated. Many
students agreed that the poetry portion was boring, and that the instructor could be subjective. It was
suggested that workshops be eliminated, more varied course structure created, and that different forms
of participation be included. Prospective students were encouraged by previous students to take this
course for their writing requirement.
AS.220.105.13; 16
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Amy Arthur
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The instructor of this course offered a dynamic and positive class environment. She made it fun and
easy to participate, and the course taught students how to approach writing in a way that readers
understand. Many students agreed that analyzing other authors helped them with their own writing.
But, the amount of dependability placed on the peers of students lessened the quality of this course,
especially when their peers could not decipher good writing. In addition, it was said that the instructors
grading process was very subjective. To improve this course, it was suggested that the class size always
be small. Prospective students should make a solid effort on their assignments, and they should receive
288
WRITING SEMINARS
an A.
AS.220.105.15; 21
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Emily Parker
Overall quality of the class: 4.49
Summary:
According to students, the instructor of this course was terrific. She always found something valuable in
each piece and gave constructive criticism that put students at ease. In addition, she encouraged
freedom fully by giving vague prompts, so that students could write without borders. Some students
complained about attendance being mandatory, and that the course moves so quickly that there is no
time for reflecting on work. It was suggested that there be a laid out guide of expectations as far as
assignments go to improve the quality of this course. Prospective students should accept that they have
to attend every class period.
AS.220.105.17
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Yi Xie
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
This course provided tons of resources for its students for the improvement of their writing. The
instructor made sure that she made herself available for students that needed guidance, and the
interactive environment allowed students to build great relationships with their classmates. Grading was
seen as subjective and many students felt like the instructor was too lenient. Students suggested that
there be more workshops to improve the quality of this course. Prospective students should manage
their course work appropriately so that it doesn't build up.
AS.220.105.20
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Lauren Winchester
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The inspiring and knowledgeable instructor of this course taught with ease and flexibility because she
was able to relate to her students. The workshops were seen as helpful, and many students saw an
improvement in their writing. In addition, the stories read by students were enjoyed, and the course was
easy to those who completed it. However, readings were dense at times and the grading policy was
confusing. Students suggested that feedback from peers be anonymous and that there be more review
sessions and available office hours. Prospective students shouldn't be nervous about writing, but instead
embrace their creativity.
AS.220.106.02; 04
Fiction Poetry Writing II
289
WRITING SEMINARS
Songmuang Greer
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The small size of this class allowed students to receive an ample amount of comments regarding their
work. It also encouraged many students to participate. The instructor was great and loved talking about
writing as well as sharing his input while including the input of his students. In addition, students were
granted freedom on their writing assignments. But, the lack of variation during class periods and
unsuccessful workshops were low points of this course. The biggest suggestions for improvement were
that the instructor change his teaching style and include more interactive components. Prospective
students should know that this course is challenging but worth it.
AS.220.106.03
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Jocelyn Slovak
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the class discussions and the productive workshops. Many students
found that this course was a good relief from their math and science classes, and the instructor was
supportive and gave helpful criticisms to better her students. In addition, the course exhibited flexibility
to deviate from the syllabus. Some students were confused by the grading system and felt the course
was disorganized at times. To improve the quality of this course, it was suggested that more one-on-one
sessions be scheduled. This course would be perfect for prospective students looking for something fun
to do to balance their work load.
AS.220.106.05; 08
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Gwen Kirby
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
Many students enrolled in this course found it to be something they looked forward to during the day.
They also enjoyed brainstorming at the beginning of each week because it was a good way to get back
into the swing of things after the weekend. In addition, the literary works that students read inspired
them to produce higher quality work. The course instructor was phenomenal at facilitating the
classroom, but her harsh grading turned many students off. Suggestions for improvement include:
specific assignment directions and feedback. Prospective students are expected to love the instructor
and do a lot of reading on their own.
AS.220.106.06
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Joseph Frantz
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
290
WRITING SEMINARS
Summary:
This course was an awesome reinforcement of students' creative writing skills. The instructor was both
funny and engaging, so students actually enjoyed attending class. Not only did he provide students with
advice and feedback on their writing, but he also sent out emails following class to make sure all of his
students understood what was discussed. Expectations were sometimes unclear and additional
assignments were brought up last minute. Students suggested that more time be spent discussing tough
readings and that there be a set grading system, so students know where they stand. Grading is tougher
than in Introduction to Fiction Poetry Writing I, so prospective students should not expect an easy A.
AS.220.106.07; 10
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Joselyn Takacs
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The instructor of this course fostered a very comfortable environment, where all students, including the
timid ones were encouraged to chime in. But the instructor never made them feel babied. Many
students agreed that the freedom that had in their writing was exhilarating and that the honest and
useful feedback helped them become better writers. The lack of seriousness exhibited by many students
was the worst aspect of the course. It was suggested that the amount of works be limited so that
discussion of them could be more in-depth. Prospective students will learn about themselves in the
process of exploring new writing techniques.
AS.220.106.11
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Robert Hofmann
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The instructor of this course made sure that every class period was an enjoyable experience for his
students. The texts and assignments were diverse and class discussions were free but directed to the
importance of the texts. Grades were inconsistent and there wasn't enough time allotted to discussion.
In addition, the instructor did not respond to emails in a timely manner. Students would have liked more
workshop time and suggested more detailed feedback to improve this course. Prospective students
should know that this instructor will not be returning.
AS.220.106.12
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Richard Grasser
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the workshops, the freedom given to students on their poetry
assignments, and the instructor. The workshops were a highlight of this course and many students found
291
WRITING SEMINARS
them fundamental to their progress. Also, the instructor allowed his students to write about anything of
their choice instead of making them stick to a rigid schedule of poem styles and fiction topics. But, this
course lacked discipline and the instructor was rarely available outside of class. It was suggested by
students that sonnets/ballads be focused on more and that class discussions be more exciting.
Prospective students will enjoy the minimal amount of work, but should take advantage of TA office
hours.
AS.220.106.13
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Nathan McNamara
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Many students who were enrolled in this course appreciated the feedback they received from their
peers during workshops. The class environment felt safe and comfortable for students to voice their
opinions and get excited about writing. The professor commanded a respectful classroom and open to
different ideas and opinions. Many students desired to do more fiction writing and for their classmates
to participate more. Also, discussion felt a bit one-sided to some students. Suggestions for improvement
include: more in-class writing assignments, fewer readings, and a clearer grading policy. Prospective
students should enjoy writing, because they'll be doing a lot of it.
AS.220.106.14
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Elizabeth Thompson
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The instructor of this course was very effective at providing her students with clear and specific
feedback on their work. Course guidelines and expectations were laid out from the beginning, so there
was no confusion there. The workshops allowed students to hear from their peers and grow in their
writing abilities. The course load was not evenly distributed and some students were forced to revise
their poems though they thought another revision was unnecessary. Tighter prompts with specific topics
and changing the rigid grading system were suggested for improvement. Overall, this course is a step up
from IFP I, so prospective students should be prepared.
AS.220.106.15
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Matthew Morton
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
During this course, students were presented with the tools to develop unique writing skills. The small
class size created a environment conductive for sharing constructive criticism, the instructor made sure
he returned assignments in a timely manner, and offered feedback to students. The small work load was
also enjoyed by students. Grading was harsh, some of the readings were dull, and workshop took a great
292
WRITING SEMINARS
amount of time but it was needed. Students suggested that the grading policy be revised and that the
instructor type his comments because his handwriting was illegible. Participation is key so prospective
students should be ready to do so.
AS.220.106.16-17
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Alexander Creighton
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the instructor and workshops. The instructor showed his students
that he cared by giving them detailed advice that will make them better writers. The instructor also led
provocative discussions and made personal connections with every student. The workshops allowed
peer critiquing and the small class size made this less awkward. Many students wanted to spend more
time going over the readings and the harsh grading was frustrating. It was suggested that students be
critiqued more than once and that the class meet three times per week. Prospective students should
know that this course is structured differently than others, so they might not be used to it.
AS.220.106.20
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Callie Siskel
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
According to students, the instructor of this course was charismatic and always involved with her
students. She made it easy to understand literature that may otherwise be placed in the difficult
category, and displayed her love for language through her instruction. Workshops allowed students to
see their work through the eyes of others and it was also a helpful editing tool. Grading was seen as
ambiguous and many students thought it was difficult to do well in the course. In addition, the course
did not align with the syllabus. To improve this course, it was suggested to make prompts more open-
ended, create a new syllabus, and designated equal time to reviewing readings and workshops.
Prospective students who love poetry should take this instructor because the poetry section is
expanded.
AS.220.108.01
Introduction to Fiction & Nonfiction
Joanne Cavanaugh-Simpson
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
Summary:
Students who were enrolled in this course really seemed to be fond of the class discussions. They were
interesting and thoughtful and were led by an energetic instructor. Many students agreed that the
journal entries were fun and a bit therapeutic, and that the professor made it her duty to guide her
students onto the path of progress. However, the novels were rushed through even though many
students wanted to spend more time on them. In addition, some of the readings were dense, and some
293
WRITING SEMINARS
students desired more feedback. It was suggested that this course include a second semester
component and meet more than once a week. Prospective students should be willing to learn a lot
about writing and observing the world.
AS.220.200.01
Introduction to Fiction
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
According to students, the professor of this course was an expert when it came down to fiction writing
theory. His knowledge of modern English was described as "encyclopedic." Many students enjoyed the
professor's feedback because he was able to help them advance their stories. In addition, the course
load was manageable and the discussions were thought-provoking. However, the course lacked
organization at times and students tended to evaluate their peers' work based on their personal
opinions. Suggestions for improvement include: more overall course and assignment structure and more
workshops. Prospective students should be comfortable sharing their work.
AS.220.200.02
Introduction to Fiction
Courtney Sender
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
Students enrolled in this course not only learned a plethora of writing techniques, but they were also
encouraged by their professor to share their opinions. Also, many students agreed that this course was
their favorite one so far because the workshops made them feel good about their writing and also
taught them what they needed to do to make their stories more effective. Unfortunately, some students
used the workshop time to personally attack their peers, instead of giving them helpful suggestions. It
was suggested that the number of assignments be increased and that the class meet on two days
instead of one. Prospective students should know that they can add two short stories to their resume.
AS.220.201.01
Introduction to Poetry Writing
James Arthur
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The wonderful professor of this course was able to make learning about poetry captivating for non-
poetry lovers. Many students enjoyed the workshops, where they developed their craft. Also, this
course would be a good transition for prospective students who have taken Introduction to Fiction. The
daily blogging was a bit much for many students and the course was somewhat disorganized. In
addition, there was rarely discussion of the readings, so they were seen as useless. Suggestions for
improvement include: limiting workshop time and making due dates clearer.
294
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.201.02
Introduction to Poetry Writing
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
During this course, students were granted access to varying genres of poetry. The professor's
straightforward and simple approach made many students feel understood and he set up the class to
encourage the production of wonderful poems without spending time on the less appealing aspects of
poetry. Also weekly assignments are made clear and students witness dramatic changes in their writing.
But many students felt like assignments became redundant. It was suggested that the class size be
smaller so that all students receive personal attention. Prospective students would be glad to know that
this course is super helpful for writing improvement in general.
AS.220.201.03
Introduction to Poetry Writing
Callie Siskel
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
Many students agreed that this course was taught by an awesome instructor and that the poems read
were incredible pieces to model writing after. The course was a dynamic introduction to contemporary
poetry and writing poems each week helped students become better writers. However, many students
wished that the time they spent on writing papers about poetry could have been spent actually writing
poems. Also, some of the writing prompts made students feel constricted. Suggestions for improvement
include: more readings focusing on poetry and prose, more open-ended, engaging workshops, and more
assignments to practice skills. Prospective students should feel comfortable with their peers critiquing
their work.
AS.220.202.01
Introduction to Non-Fiction: Matters of Fact
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The subject matter of this course forced students to rethink current habits of writing. Students also
enjoyed the workshops. But the delayed grading system left students feeling lost about where they
stood in the course. In addition, discussions about the books lacked stimulation and so did the lectures.
It was suggested by students that the course be more interactive and participatory, and that the grading
system be reevaluated. Prospective students who aspire to be Journalists would enjoy this course.
AS.220.310.01
Intermediate Fiction: Nature Writing
Brad Leithauser
295
WRITING SEMINARS
Overall quality of the class: 3.46
Summary:
The highlights from this course were by far the readings. They were engaging, interesting, and promoted
insightful discussions. The worst aspects of the course were the lack of much writing or a workshop, the
focus on non-fiction though the course is labeled fiction, and the loss of focus in many discussions. The
most common suggestion for improvement was to add a workshop component. Prospective students
should know that the focus of this course is on the literature rather than the writing, but the range of
readings prompted many to recommend the course.
AS.220.316.01
Seminar: Opinion Writing
Joanne Cavanaugh-Simpson
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
This course was highlighted by an engaging and dynamic instructor, insightful class discussions, and
interesting readings. Students from across the university were part of the course and widely found it an
enjoyable and compelling course. The most commonly cited negative of the course was the amount of
reading along with writing assignments each week. One suggested improvement to the course was to
have class more than once a week. Students interested in this course should know that the writing is
different from what is standard in this program and the course is highly recommended.
AS.220.324.01
Intermediate Fiction: Landscape & Setting
Katharine Noel
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
This course was highlighted by a caring, knowledgeable, and insightful instructor. Many students cited
the workshop feedback from the instructor as the best they had received at Hopkins, and were able to
see growth in their writing over the semester. Many students were displeased with the additional
reflective writings tied to the readings. They cited these as time consuming and not necessarily
beneficial. Getting rid of these assignments or reducing the number was the most common suggestion
for improving the course. Prospective students should know that the instructor was fantastic, the
readings were interesting, and overall this course is highly recommended.
AS.220.344.01
Intermediate Fiction: The Short-Short Story
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the instructor, the engaging and exciting discussions, and the
feedback provided in workshops. Many students commented that the amusing stories from the
296
WRITING SEMINARS
instructor kept class moving through doldrums. The worst aspect of the course was the lag in discussions
when students did not participate. One suggestion for improvement to the course was having more
organization for workshops so everyone has a chance to have their work looked at. Prospective students
should know that the course has a lower workload than other fiction workshops and this instructor is
highly recommended.
AS.220.376.01
Intermediate Fiction: Outdoor Stories
Robert Roper
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the readings, the in class discussions, and the thorough feedback
from both peers and the instructor. Many students thought this was a unique course in the department
and were pleased with the range of readings. The reading load was very high; some weeks included a
novel plus short stories to workshop. Suggested improvements to the course included reducing the
amount of reading and setting up a better schedule for workshops. Prospective students should be
prepared to participate in class and that you don't have to be Bear Grylls to enjoy this course.
AS.220.378.01
Poetic Forms II
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The instructor of this course was given near unanimous praise for his attention to the students, his
knowledge, and his investment in his students' improvement. While many students were hard pressed
to find fault with the course, a few found the meeting time was too short to get through all the poems.
Dedicating more time to workshops and less time to discussing readings was a suggested improvement.
Prospective students should know this course is rewarding and taught by a dedicated instructor. It is
highly recommended.
AS.220.391.01
Performing Poetry & Fiction: An Acting Workshop for Writers
David Yezzi
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The highlights of this course were the engaged and encouraging instructor, and the chance to take a
class that is not typical at Hopkins. Many students found the format of the class enjoyable, especially
getting to read poetry or preform in front of classmates in a relaxed atmosphere. The negatives in this
course were few, but included a lack of some organization and readings that seemed unrelated to class.
More structure and a smaller class were suggested improvements. Prospective students should stay
open minded about the course and they will find it enjoyable.
297
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.392.01
Intermediate Poetry: Tall Tales and Short on Narrative Poetry
David Yezzi
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the instructor and the focus of the class. Professor Yezzi was
knowledgeable, approachable, and provided encouraged growth through his feedback. Additionally,
many students enjoyed creating long story-poems. The on the spot method for poem workshops in class
was cited as the worst aspect of the course. Changing this aspect of the course was the most common
suggestion for improvement. Prospective students should know that the more you put into this course,
the more you will get out of it. The course and instructor are highly recommended.
AS.220.401.01
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
This course received high praise from the students on every aspect of the course. The instructor is
engaging and knowledgeable, the workshops were insightful, and the interaction with peers was
exciting. Students were hard pressed to find fault, citing the worst aspect of the course as its inevitable
end. The most common suggestion for improvement was to have a longer semester. Students interested
in this course should know the instructor is fantastic and this course was for many the best they had
taken as an undergraduate at Hopkins.
AS.220.401.02
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Brad Leithauser
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the high level of critique provided in workshops and the
honesty and knowledge of the instructor. Many students cited the readings as being good fodder for
discussions. Of the negative aspects, many students found the readings to be very one-note, while
others were disappointed by the lack of written feedback from peers. Two recommendations for
improving the course were to include a wider variety of readings and to encourage students to develop
a thicker skin in workshops. Prospective students should be prepared for honest workshops and take the
time to learn as much as possible from this instructor.
AS.220.409.01
Readings in Fiction: Faulkner, Fitzgerald, & Hemingway
No Instructor Listed
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
298
WRITING SEMINARS
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.411.01
Readings in Poetry: Sex & Death in Contemporary American Poetry
Steve Scafidi
Overall quality of the class: 4.94
Summary:
This course was given near unanimous praise for everything from the instructor to the assignments to
the readings. Discussions were lively and insightful, readings were diverse and thought-provoking, and
the instructor is enthusiastic, passionate, and engaging. Many students had no negative feedback at all.
Those that did cited the departure of the instructor as the worst aspect of the course. One suggestion
for improvement was writing more poetry rather than response papers. Prospective students should
know that this class is highly recommended, and many thought it was the best class offered at Hopkins.
AS.220.417.01
Advanced Nonfiction Workshop
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the format. The goal of the semester was to write one 30-page
journalistic piece, and many students thought this was good preparation for life after college. The worst
aspect of the course was the abbreviated feedback from the instructor. More time for comments and
workshops was a common suggestion for improvements to the course. Prospective students should be
prepared to write steadily over the semester, ideally producing about 5 pages a week. Starting out the
semester with a few ideas is also recommended.
AS.220.424.01
Science as Narrative
Richard Panek
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
This course was highlighted by an engaged and passionate instructor, interesting readings, and
discussions that were student led and exciting. Many students cited the discussions as the best they had
experience at Hopkins, noting that the instructor rarely interrupted and genuinely wanted his students
to lead the way. The reading load could be overwhelming at times. One suggestion for improving the
course was to have shorter, more frequent classes. Prospective students should be ready to read
scientific literature, come to class prepared to talk, and take this course. The instructor and the course
are both highly recommended.
AS.220.427.01
299
WRITING SEMINARS
Readings in Fiction: The Novella
Roderic Puchner
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the variety of readings each week, the low pressure writing
prompts, and the focus on craft. Some students were surprised by the amount of writing due each week
and had expected the focus to be on reading. One suggested improvement to the class was to reduce
the written assignments so students would be able to produce higher quality writings. Prospective
students should know this class is highly recommended for the variety of readings and the attention to
the craft of writing.
300
