JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY
Homewood Course Guide
Summaries of Student Course Evaluations for Spring 2015
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Africana Studies 5
Anthropology 7
Applied Mathematics and Statistics 10
Art 20
Behavioral Biology 25
Biology 26
Biomedical Engineering 33
Biophysics 41
Center for Language Education: Arabic 45
Center for Language Education: Chinese 47
Center for Language Education: Hebrew 50
Center for Language Education: Hindi 51
Center for Language Education: Japanese 52
Center for Language Education: Korean 54
Center for Language Education: Russian 55
Center for Leadership Education 56
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering 59
Chemistry 67
Civil Engineering 74
Classics 78
Cognitive Science 81
Computer Science 84
Earth and Planetary Science 98
East Asian 103
2
Economics 105
Electrical and Computer Engineering 111
Engineering Management 119
English 120
Entrepreneurship & Management 130
Film and Media Studies 140
General Engineering 145
Geography and Environmental Engineering 146
German and Romance Languages and Literatures 153
History 176
History of Art 183
History of Science and Technology 187
Humanities 191
Information Security Institute 193
Interdepartmental 195
Jewish Studies 199
Latin American Studies 200
Materials Science and Engineering 201
Mathematics 207
Mechanical Engineering 211
Military Science 221
Museum and Society Programs 224
Music 226
Nanobiotechnology 229
Near Eastern Studies 230
Neuroscience 233
3
Philosophy 238
Physics and Astronomy 243
Political Science 250
Professional Communication 257
Psychological and Brain Sciences 264
Public Health Studies 272
Sociology 277
Theatre Arts and Studies 284
Women, Gender, and Sexuality Program 287
Writing Seminars 289
4
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
AFRICANA STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.362.220.01
America, Post-Civil Rights
Nathan Connolly
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.362.325.01
The Role of "Place" in Racial Ethnic Health Disparities
Caryn Bell
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
Students found this class to be engaging; Professor Bell encouraged students to discuss each concept
and how they related to the individual student. Students appreciated the small class size that facilitated
better and more thorough discussions. The topics covered were not only relevant to medicine and
public health, but also shed light on issues that these disciplines tend to overlook. The biggest
complaint about this class was that it covered too much information and it felt rushed to cover all the
material. Prior to taking this class, be advised the professor is a strict grader and assigns a lot of
homework.
AS.362.440.01
Oppression and Revolt
Floyd Hayes
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
Students found this class to be challenging and rewarding. This discussion based class had engaging
readings and lectures. Students praised the professor's frequent and thought provoking commentary,
as well as his incorporation of current events into discussions of the assigned materials. The chief
5
AFRICANA STUDIES
complaints were that the class was not smaller, and that the professor had the tendency to go on
tangents that prevented more thorough analysis of the texts. Future students should understand they
will be challenged intellectually and academically in this class.
6
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
ANTHROPOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.070.113.01
Freshman Seminar
Niloofar Haeri
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that the professor was approachable, helpful and knowledgeable.
Students appreciated the wide range of topics introduced, as well as the fruitful discussions that
developed around them. Students felt that they would have benefited from a clear and concise syllabus
as it was unclear at times which assignments were due when. Suggestions for improvement included
making this class two days a week for an hour, instead of once a week, and providing more prompt and
detailed feedback on assignments. Prospective students should know that this class requires students
do the readings and participate in discussion.
AS.070.154.01
Maps and Mapping
Deborah Poole
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the readings and the freedom to pursue subjects of interest for paper
topics. Students appreciated the balance of theoretical and empirical readings, as well as the
professor's knowledge and enthusiasm about the subject. Some students felt that although the reading
was interesting, it became repetitive at times. Suggestions for improvement included taking the class
outside, making the course a twice a week class, and providing more prompt feedback on assignments.
Prospective students should know that they do not need to be an anthropology major to succeed in and
benefit from this class.
AS.070.273.01
Ethnographies: Everyday Religion and Ethics
Naveeda Khan
7
ANTHROPOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 4.84
Summary:
Students praised Professor Khan's ability to run a unique and intellectually stimulating class. Many
students agreed that the professor carefully constructed the course syllabus, and effectively facilitated
engaging class discussions. Some students felt that the reading load was so heavy it diminished the
ability to go in-depth on some topics. A general consensus was that this class could be improved by
having class participation count toward the final grade. Prospective students should avoid taking this
class if they have a heavy work load, because it is extremely demanding.
AS.070.275.01
Clara Han, Carolyn Sufrin
Reproduction, Kinship, and the State
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that the professors were passionate and knowledgeable about the
topic. Students found that the material was enjoyable, and that the Monday recap discussions helped
to connect the ideas covered throughout the course. Some students felt that the readings were dense,
and the group-work was unfair. Suggestions for improvement included providing more clear
expectations from the professors, and limiting enrollment to only anthropology majors. Prospective
students should be comfortable with group-work, because both the mid-term and final paper are done
as a group.
AS.070.277.01
Contested Indigeneity
Emma Cervone
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Professor Cervone created a challenging, well-organized class and a welcome environment for students
that needed help. Students appreciated the use of film to complement the readings, and the fruitful
discussions that arose from them. Some students felt that grading was confusing, and that the prompts
for the paper topics should have been given farther in advance. Suggestions for improvement included
having more discussion and clarity with the grading rubric. Prospective students should be interested
and have some background in anthropology, or the class will be confusing.
AS.070.279.01
Anand Pandian
Ecological Anthropolgy
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
8
ANTHROPOLOGY
Summary:
Professor Panadian's passion for this subject shone through with a meticulously organized class, and
thought provoking discussions throughout the semester. Students appreciated the field trips that
helped to deepen and reinforce concepts discussed in class. Some students felt that the lengthy
readings were not given far enough in advance. Suggestions for improvement included mid-term course
feedback on grades and all assignments posted on the syllabus. Prospective students should know that
they do not have to be anthropology majors to benefit from this class.
AS.070.331.07
Niloofar Haeri
Anthropology of Poetry and Prayer
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
Professor Haeri's enjoyment of teaching undergrads about her research topic showed through during
this course. Students praised her knowledge, teaching style, as well as her ability to facilitate
intellectually stimulating discussions. The chief complaint was that some readings could be tough to get
through. Students felt that this class could have benefited from having more structure, especially with
regard to the schedule of assignments, and meeting twice a week. Prospective students should be
prepared for a lot of reading and in-class participation.
AS.070.419.01
Juan Obarrio
Logic of Anthropological Inquiry
Overall quality of the class: 3.15
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was that it had no exams and a manageable workload, including readings
that built upon each other. Students appreciated the professor's lectures as well as the interesting
conversations he fostered. Many students felt that value was lost in this class due to a lengthy grading
process, and papers were returned without feedback. Students felt the best way to improve this class
was to have papers returned in a timely manner with sufficient feedback. Prospective students should
know that this is a reading intensive class.
9
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.550.111.01-06
Statistical Analysis I
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the enthusiastic, passionate professor who explained concepts well
and the resources available to study for and use during exams. The workload was manageable and
exams were straightforward and reasonable. Many students felt that the TA led sections were not
helpful and that lectures were confusing and boring at times. Suggestions for improvement included
having organized sections that reflected lecture objectives, shorter but more frequent homework,
standard grading across sections, lecture notes available online, and more availability for help outside of
class. Prospective students of any discipline will find that this course is a good introduction to statistics.
Students should attend lectures, practice outside of class, and use the textbook in order to do well.
EN.550.112.02-05
Statistical Analysis II
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the engaging professor who clearly identified important information
during lectures. Help was readily available and the course was well taught and organized. Students felt
that homework assignments were long and grading was harsh with unclear expectations. The instructor
went over some material too quickly and students felt that there was not enough time to finish exams.
Suggestions for improvement included allowing calculators and formula sheets during exams and having
less time dedicated to R programming. Students also suggested using section time to review homework
and practice more problem sets. Prospective students should also start assignments early and be open
to collaboration with other students to better understand concepts.
EN.550.171.01-04
10
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Discrete Mathematics
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the engaging instructor who presented material in straightforward,
organized lectures. Students felt that assignments were long and challenging and found the textbook to
be confusing. Exam questions were more challenging than homework assignments and students found
it difficult to complete exams within the time allotted. Suggestions for improvement included using TA
run sections for going over problem sets and having more exam review sessions. Students also
suggested that a larger grading curve be applied at the end of the semester. Prospective students
should be prepared to dedicate time outside of class to understanding concepts, and to start
assignments early. Class attendance and participation is important and beneficial.
EN.550.211.01-05
Probability and Statistics for the Life Sciences
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the professor's enthusiastic and engaging personality. Many
students appreciated the abundant study resources that the professor provided. However, some found
these resources to be confusing as they reported discrepancies in content and format between class
lectures, homework assignments, and exam questions. Students were also confused at times by what
seemed to be random grading methods on assignments, and disappointed by the lack of feedback.
Prospective students can expect a heavy homework load with lots of independent textbook learning,
and may fare better with some background in statistics, as this course moves quickly through statistical
concepts. This course also provides an introduction to R programming language.
EN.550.291.01-02
Lin Alg & Diff Equations
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor's clear and effective lectures, as well as her
helpful use of examples in class. Many students, however, reported that lectures merely skimmed the
surface of these topics, while homework problems were much more in-depth. Further, some students
were caught off-guard by the required use of MATLAB in the course despite having no formal instruction
in the program. Suggestions for improvement included making class notes accessible online, providing
some tutorials on using MATLAB, and including more difficult material in lectures. Prospective students
should be prepared to attend lecture, to stay on top of assignments in this fast-moving class, and to
familiarize themselves with MATLAB independently before the semester begins.
EN.550.310.01-03
11
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Probability & Statistics for the Physical and Information Sciences & Engineering
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the professor's enthusiasm, his thorough and well organized
lectures, the comprehensive class notes that are regularly posted to Blackboard, and the ample
availability for help outside of class. Students reported that lectures and homework are proof-heavy,
and many would have preferred more application-based work. The grading system emphasized exams,
and did not include a curve. Many students suggested that more feedback on the long and difficult
homework assignments would have been beneficial. Prospective students should have a strong
background in calculus through Calc II, and should be prepared to stay on top of a demanding work load.
EN.550.311.01-02
Probability and Statistics for the Biological Sciences and Engineering
Nam Lee
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor's personal investment in his students and desire
to ensure their success in the class. While students often found lectures lacking organization and clarity,
they did appreciate the professor's responsiveness to feedback on teaching methods, as well as his
willingness to make himself available for extra help, and the ample supplementary study materials that
he provided. Students reported that they would have preferred to spend more time and focus on key
concepts, and to review practice problems more thoroughly. Prospective students should have a strong
calculus background, and expect a moderate-to-heavy workload as well as a fair grading system.
EN.550.362.01-02
Introduction to Optimization II
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor's engaging, clear, and thorough lectures coupled
with his enthusiasm for the subject matter and eagerness to help students learn. Students emphasized
the importance of attending class and taking careful and copious notes, but lament the fact that tests
seemed to emphasize strictly memorizing notes and proofs rather than applying learned concepts.
Further, many students claimed that proofs are central to the coursework, and that they would have
preferred a more application-based approach. Prospective students should be prepared to attend
lectures and to spend some time learning MATLAB independently.
EN.550.371.01-02
Cryptology and Coding
Donniell Fishkind
12
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging, thorough, and well organized lectures on
interesting subject matter, taught by a dynamic professor. Some students suggested that the title of the
course is a bit of a misnomer, as the coursework focuses more heavily on the number theory that serves
as the basis for cryptology and coding. So while they enjoyed the course, some students would have
preferred more application and actual coding than the theory and proof-heavy coursework included.
Prospective students should be prepared to attend lectures and take comprehensive notes, as
memorization of lecture material is essential for success on exams. Further, some students pointed out
that having a background in MATLAB would prove helpful.
EN.550.383.01
Python for Scientific Computing
Cristian Lalescu
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
Summary:
Students who took this class found the course material to be highly useful for their course of study and
applicable to a range of practical scenarios. Many students, however, found that the professor and the
curriculum presumed familiarity with programming, coding, and math skills that are not listed among
the prerequisites. Students were unclear as to their expectations from week to week, and suggested
that a more structured syllabus and presentation of material would have been helpful. Prospective
students should have working familiarity with calculus and linear algebra, as well as some prior
experience programming and working with code, and be prepared to do some self-learning if material is
unfamiliar.
EN.550.386.01
Scientific Computing: Differential Equations
Kathryn Hedrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting topics covered, the small class size, and the
professor herself. Students appreciated learning the theoretical background behind many of the
applications and solvers frequently used in MATLAB. Some students liked the fact that homework
weighed heavily into their grade, but claimed that the assignments were long and demanding. Most
students seemed to agree that the exams were very difficult. Further, most students emphasized the
need to be familiar with MATLAB going into the class, as many homework assignments involved coding
and there is not much formal instruction provided.
EN.550.415.01
Practical Scientific Analysis of Big Data
Tamas Budavari
13
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
Students enjoyed the project-based nature of the course, the opportunities to learn about
programming, and the interesting, useful material addressed in the course. Some students felt that the
professor's lecture style was not effective and did not feel that concepts were conveyed or explained
well. Suggestions for improvement included having weekly assignments to practice concepts. Students
also suggested reducing the number of topics covered in favor of a few topics explored more deeply.
Prospective students should be familiar with programing in C/C++ and have a basic knowledge of coding.
EN.550.420.01-03
Intro to Probability
John Wierman
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting course material covered and opportunities to earn
extra credit. Students felt that the professor was not very helpful and found it difficult to study without
answers for any homework or practice exam questions. Lectures were hard to follow and students felt
that they were ineffective. Suggestions for improvement included having the professor lecture using the
chalk board and not PowerPoint. Students also suggested giving answers to old exams and having
better structured TA sections. Prospective students are encouraged to do all extra credit assignments,
to allocate time outside of class to learn concepts, and to study the textbook. Prospective students
should be familiar with calculus and basic probability.
EN.550.426.01-02
Introduction to Stochastic Processes
John Wierman
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the availability of lecture notes before class and the interesting and
relevant course material. Students found lectures to be hard to follow and boring at times. Grading by
the TAs was harsh and inconsistent. Suggestions for improvement included having clearly outlined
expectations of important information to know and a common, clear grading scale across all sections.
Students also suggested working out more problems on the chalk board in lecture and providing
solutions to practice problems. Prospective students should be comfortable with introductory
probability and allocate time outside of class to committing distributions to memory.
EN.550.428.01
Stochastic Processes and Applications to Finance II
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
14
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.430.01-03
Introduction to Statistics
Elie Younces
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting course material and helpful TA's. Students felt that
the professor's teaching style was difficult to follow and that lectures were disorganized. Exams and
homework were difficult for many students and assignments were time consuming. Suggestions for
improvement included having more straightforward exams, a more clearly organized syllabus, practice
exams, and less emphasis on theory in favor of more application and practice problems. Prospective
students should have a firm background in calculus and probability. Prospective students will find the
textbook very helpful and should allocate time to study and collaborate with classmates outside of class.
EN.550.431.01
Statistical Methods in Imaging
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.439.01-02
Time Series Analysis
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the manageable workload and good introduction to subject matter
that was interesting and challenging. Some students found the assignments to be difficult and learning
objectives hard to follow due to multiple cancelled classes. Suggestions for improvement included
having more organized lectures and pacing the course better. Students also suggested providing more
guidance with homework and practice problems. Prospective students should have a background in
probability and statistics. Prospective students should also attend lecture and do assigned readings in
preparation for class.
EN.550.445.01-02
Interest Rate and Credit Derivatives
Davis Audley
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
Students appreciated the clear details that the professor gave about what to expect on exams, and the
review sessions before tests. Further, students found that the material was interesting and useful in a
15
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
number of areas outside of class. Students felt that the TA was not helpful and did not understand the
course subject matter. Many students also felt that the lectures were boring and that the professor
read directly from PowerPoint slides. Suggestions for improvement included having more interactive
lectures and more opportunities to apply theories learned. Prospective students should be prepared for
a significant work load and be familiar with finance.
EN.550.448.01-02
Financial Engineering and Structured Products
David Audley
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the ability to relate concepts to the real world. Several students
noted that the material covered was highly relevant for future work in financial engineering. Students
felt that the professor did not effectively deliver concepts in a clear manner, and that TA's were difficult
to understand and not helpful. Suggestions for improvement included inviting industry professionals to
give guest lectures and having more assignments with productive feedback. Prospective students
should do all assigned readings to better understand course concepts.
EN.550.450.01
Computational Molecular Medicine
Donald Geman
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the knowledgeable professor who easily explained difficult
concepts and gave assignments with real world application. Some students felt that the TA's were not
helpful and that the material became increasingly difficult. Students appreciated the exposure to
cutting-edge applications of the concepts covered in class. Suggestions for improvement included
grading the code portions of assignments, increasing opportunities for overall feedback, and having
clearer grading rubrics. Prospective students should have a good background in statistics and
probability and strong programming skills. Students interested in biostatistics and bioinformatics should
take this course.
EN.550.453.01
Mathematical Game Theory
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.472.01
Graph Theory
Amitabh Basu
16
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Students enjoyed the real world applications of the material covered in this course, as well as the
accessibility of the TAs and instructor, and the organized and interesting lectures presented by the
instructor. Some students found the exams to be too difficult to complete within the time allotted.
Suggestions for improvement included having exercises in completing timed proofs before exams,
starting the course later in the day, providing easier homework sets, and expanding the class size.
Prospective students should be prepared for an intellectually challenging course. Previous experience
with probability and proofs would be beneficial.
EN.550.492.01
Mathematical Biology
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the clear, organized lectures, interesting concepts presented
over the semester, and the timely feedback provided by the instructor. Many students felt that the
homework assignments were lengthy and difficult. Suggestions for improvement included having more
applicable and biology-relevant assignments. Students also suggested decreasing the number of topics
covered in order to explore a few concepts more deeply. Prospective students should have a
background in probability and be comfortable with concepts of calculus III. Prospective students are
also encouraged to begin assignments early.
EN.550.621.01
Probability Theory II
James Fill
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.631.01
Statistical Theory II
Carey Priebe
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.643.01
Graphical Models
Lo-bin Chang
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
17
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.653.01
Commodities and Commodity Markets
Helyette Geman, Gary Schultz
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.662.01
Optimization Algorithms
Daniel Robinson
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the well-prepared lectures, the good balance of theory and
application, and the comprehensive lecture notes circulated prior to lecture meetings. Students found
that the professor was highly knowledgeable and well organized, but that he occasionally moved too
quickly through slides, particularly with more difficult material. A few suggested that he had the
tendency to come off as condescending to students. Suggestions for improvement included more
frequent and detailed feedback on assignments and tests. Prospective students should have good
working knowledge of algebra and matrix, and a background with optimization will be beneficial.
EN.550.664.01
Modeling, Simulation, and Monte Carlo
James Spall
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.672.01
Graph Theory
Amitabh Basu
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.695.01
Advanced Parameterization in Science and Engineering
Gregory Eyink
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.697.01
Introduction to Control Theory and Optimal Control
Sylvain Arguillere
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
18
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
19
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
ART DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.371.131.01
Studio Drawing I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 4.93
Summary:
The best part of this class was the fact that the instructor made even the least artistically inclined
student feel competent by the end of the semester. Students appreciated the opportunity to draw
using a variety of media, as well as the lessons on the relationship of the brain to drawing. Some
students felt that the three and a half hour weekly sessions were exhausting, and that this class would
have been better if there was some focus on drawing portraits as well. Suggestions for improvement
included making this course three credits with an H designation to help fulfill overall course
requirements. Prospective students should know that no prior art knowledge is necessary.
AS.371.133.01
Painting Workshop I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best part of this course was the fact that Professor Hankin broke painting down to the lowest level,
and then built students up until they were able to create oil paintings. Students found that the
professor's lectures provided a solid background on the history of oil painting. Many students felt that
materials were expensive and a lot of time was required outside of the classroom to finish projects on
time. This course would have benefited by having more instruction from Professor Hankin during the
creative process, not just after assignments were completed. Prospective students should know that
they will need to allocate time to work on projects outside of class time.
AS.371.133.02
Painting Workshop I
Barbara Gruber
20
ART
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.371.135.01
Studio Drawing II
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
Professor Hankin provided an enjoyable break from the regular STEM classes, allowing students to delve
into Studio Drawing II in a relaxing and enjoyable manner. Professor Hankin offered students the ability
to explore different materials, techniques and subjects during the semester, and provided both
thoughtful explanations and much encouragement along the way. Some students believed that
assignments were too time consuming given the two-credit designation. This class could be improved
with a trip to an art museum. Students considering this class should know that the teacher was
available to help anyone willing to learn about art, and that prior experience is not necessary.
AS.371.140.01
Cartooning
Thomas Chalkley
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students raved that this class allowed for creative freedom, and that it had a professor who was
extremely enthusiastic about the subject and his students' work. Students appreciated the historical
and theoretical overview of cartoons and comics that this course provided. Some students felt that it
would have been beneficial to have more studio time to work on projects and to receive more frequent
feedback from the professor. While some students suggested that no drawing proficiency is necessary,
others claimed that they struggled because of their lack of abilities. Prospective students should know
that this class is enjoyable, but will require time outside of the classroom to complete projects.
AS.371.151.01
Photoshop/Dig Darkroom
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that it provided students with a marketable skill for the future.
Students appreciated the hands-on weekly assignments that effectively reinforced concepts covered in
class. Many students found it frustrating not having any graded assignments throughout the semester
except an overall performance grade. This course would have benefitted from having a reach-back
portal on Blackboard for all information that was previously taught, as well as having more frequent
feedback regarding progress from the professor. Prospective students should be cognizant that if they
do not buy Photoshop they will have to come in to the lab to work on their projects.
21
ART
AS.371.152.01
Introduction to Digital Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 3.20
Summary:
The best part of this course was using a DSLR camera at many different locations. Students appreciated
the interactive approach to class, as well as the focus on both taking and editing photos with
professional-grade equipment. Students found it difficult to endure a three hour class without breaks,
and to gauge their progress and expectations when the course frequently deviated from the syllabus.
Suggestions for improvement included incorporating breaks during lecture, offering more time to print
in class, and providing weekly feedback to the students. Prospective students should know that because
no clear feedback is given, progress in the course is not determined until the end of the class.
AS.371.162.01-02
Black & White: Digital Darkroom
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fact they were issued a DSL camera for the semester to practice outside of
classroom time. Students appreciated the feedback they received on their photos, as it helped them
improve noticeably over the course of the semester. Many students found paying for their own prints
to be the worst part of class, and that consistent scrutiny of their work became bothersome at times.
Some ways this class could be improved included not having to pay for prints, and making class twice a
week. Prospective students should know that a background in photography is not necessary if they are
willing to put forth the effort to learn.
AS.371.164.01
Introduction to Printmaking
Larcia Premo
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Students felt that the best part of this class was the fact that Professor Premo was patient and provided
thoughtful feedback while encouraging creativity. Students appreciated the exposure to a variety of
printmaking techniques, as well as the manageable pace of the course. Students were uncomfortable
with the final being scheduled outside of the normal finals' schedule. Students suggested handouts or
rubrics outlining techniques and expectations for projects would have been extremely beneficial.
Prospective students should know that no prior knowledge of printmaking is necessary to take this class
and succeed.
22
ART
AS.371.165.01
Location Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students enjoyed the many field trips during this class to locations around Baltimore from the National
Aquarium to a Penthouse at the Inner Harbor. Students appreciated the independence that they had
while working on independent projects, as well as the feedback received when developing photos.
Some students, however, felt that the extra cost for printing software downloads were off-putting.
Suggestions for improvement included making this class twice a week, and having more grades listed
throughout the semester. Prospective students should know that it is important to have prior
Photoshop experience.
AS.371.170.01
Works on Paper
Barbara Gruber
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best part of this class was the enthusiastic professor who provided guidance and flexibility to
students concerning their art. Students appreciated the experience that they gained working with a
variety of materials and media. Students felt that the studio and material fees, which added up to
almost $200 were steep considering they did not use all of the materials included on the list provided.
The most common suggestion for improvement was having a larger classroom as the one used felt
cramped. Prospective students should know that a background in painting/drawing is extremely
beneficial when taking this class.
AS.371.172.01
DIY Art: You are the Medium
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.371.200.01
Visualizing Music
Phyllis Berger, David Smooke
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.371.302.01
Photographic Portfolio
23
ART
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
24
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
BEHAVIORAL BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.290.420.01
Human Sexual Orientation
Ann Jarema, Chris Kraft
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
Students were delighted with the practical and relatable information that was taught in this class. The
Professors were able to grab and hold the attention of students throughout the semester. Students
appreciated the discussions that emerged surrounding this interesting material and its relevance to
current events. Many students who had already taken Human Sexuality, felt that this class was
repetitive. Students suggested having more guest speakers. Prospective students sensitive to topics
regarding sexuality should not take this class. This course was highly recommended by many students.
AS.290.490.01
Senior Seminar: Behavioral Biology
Peter Holland
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fact that this course was not a typical stress-inducing Hopkins class, but an
ongoing intellectual discussion. Students appreciated the diversity of interesting topics discussed, as
well as the relaxed atmosphere of the class. The chief complaint that students had was that the class
was only offered at 9:00 AM. Students felt that this course could have been improved by moving it to a
later time. Students interested in this class should be aware that Professor Holland assigns one credit
homework assignments throughout the semester.
25
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.020.136.01-02
Phage Hunting II
Emily Fisher, Joel Schildbach
Overall quality of the class: 4.81
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that it allowed students the opportunity to do personal research on a
phage topic of their choice. Students received abundant attention from the Professors while getting
hands on experience in a relaxed and effective classroom environment. Some students felt that
expectations were not always clear and there was not enough time to complete assignments. This
course could be improved by adding a class that showed students how to use lab material and providing
a syllabus with a clear outline of the course. Prospective students should know this course does not
require any background knowledge.
AS.020.152.01-02
General Biology II
Richard McCarty, Rebecca Pearlman, Christov Roberson, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the accessible lecture slides posted online. This course provided
students with interesting course material and multiple opportunities to do well. Many students found
the BioLit assignments frustrating and tedious, exams were too short which made it difficult to perform
well, and there was a significant amount of material to memorize. This course could be improved by
having a more interactive classroom environment, decreasing the workload, and no longer assigning
BioLit exercises. Prospective students should know they need to keep up with all material covered in
order to do well in this course.
AS.020.154.01-05
General Biology Lab II
Rebecca Pearlman
26
BIOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interactive and hands on labs which included multiple
dissections. Many students found the labs to be too long and were frustrated they had to pay full price
for the field trip to the science museum. This class could be improved by better integrating General
Biology II with the Lab section, having labs with shorter wait times, providing students with more lab
resources, and funding the field trips. Prospective students should know that the course is not too
challenging and can be fun if dissections do not bother you.
AS.020.162.01
Biology Workshop II
Rebecca Pearlman
Overall quality of the class: 4.41
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interactive nature of the class that allowed students to learn
about different areas of biology through student presentations. Many students felt the course was not
challenging enough and they did not get enough feedback on their work. This course could be improved
by having more review material for the final and changing groups throughout the semester, so students
can get different perspectives. Prospective students should know this class is a good starting point for
learning about modern age biology.
AS.020.214.01
Self Organizing Patterns in Nature
E Moudrianakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting content and the professor's enthusiasm.
Students appreciated the interactive nature of the class that focused on discussion and encouraged
collaborative learning. Some students found that the grading system was anxiety inducing and did not
provide them with enough opportunities for grades throughout the semester. Thus, students suggested
supplying a rubric that clearly stated presentation requirements, and providing more feedback on
presentations. Prospective students should be prepared to participate actively in conversations.
AS.020.306.01
Cell Biology
Kyle Cunningham, Emily Fisher, Trina Schroer, Kathryn Tifft Oshinnaiye
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
The best parts of this course were that grades were returned quickly and lectures were interactive.
Students appreciated the lecture summaries that highlighted key points, as well as the help sessions.
27
BIOLOGY
Many students had trouble transitioning between the four different teaching styles, and claimed that
some professors were much more proficient than others. Others claimed that the normalized grading
system was unfair. Suggestions for improvement included providing more manageable exams, and
having more communication and consistency among the professors regarding tests and class materials.
Prospective students should know this class is only suggested for biology majors.
AS.020.307.01
Enzymes, Metabolism and Metabolic Disorders
Young-Sam Lee
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the knowledgeable, approachable, and funny professor who
encouraged group discussion and emphasized understanding and problem solving with the materials
presented. Students enjoyed the format of the class, which included group essays and the use of
published papers as course materials. Some students had difficulty with the lack of guidance of the
open-ended assignments. This class could be improved by posting more detailed lecture notes, and
providing more detailed feedback on written assignments. Prospective students should know this
course will require a lot of group work and writing. This course was highly recommended.
AS.020.312.01
Introduction to the Human Brain
Edward Hedgecock
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the light, low-stress workload that included take home exams and the
ability to choose topics for term papers. Students enjoyed the subject matter discussed in class, and
appreciated that the detailed and well organized lecture notes were available online. Many students
claimed that the feedback on assignments was minimal, and that the turnaround time was very slow.
Further, students suggested that the lectures were boring, and that there was not any incentive to go to
class. This class could be improved by incorporating clicker questions to make class more interactive.
Prospective students should know they do not need a background in neuroscience.
AS.020.316.01-03; 05-08
Cell Biology Lab
Robert Horner
Overall quality of the class: 3.07
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the opportunity to reinforce concepts learned in class through
hands-on lab experiments, and the developed familiarity with lab equipment. Students reported that
the labs were an appropriate length of time, and that the experiments were enjoyable. However, many
students agreed that there was too much down time during lab sessions. Many students found the
grading scale to be unfair, and claimed that feedback on lab reports was slow and insubstantial. This
28
BIOLOGY
course could be improved by incorporating more modern cell biology research into the labs.
Prospective students should know this class is best taken in conjunction with the cell biology lecture.
AS.020.332.01
Photosynthesis by Land and Aquatic Organisms
Robert Horner, E Moudrianakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.020.337.01
Stem Cells & the Biology of Aging & Disease
Barry Zirkin
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the interesting lectures from a variety of expert guest speakers, and
the focus on learning over grades. Students appreciated the willingness of the speakers to answer
questions and clarify information during and after presentations. Students found the grant proposal
writing exercise to be helpful but complained that there was a lack of clear guidelines and expectations.
This class could be improved by offering students freedom to pick their grant proposal partner and
topic. Prospective students should know that they will get what they put into this course, and that not
having a strong background in stem cells should not stop students from enrolling.
AS.020.334.01
Virology
Karen Beemon
Overall quality of the class: 3.23
Summary:
The best part about this class was the engaging guest lecturers who discussed a wide range of diseases
from a variety of scientific perspectives. Students appreciated the clear and well organized PowerPoints
that were circulated along with lectures, and the cutting-edge information that they included. Many
students felt that they never received clear explanations of midterm expectations, and that the exams
ultimately tested memorization of irrelevant facts rather than understanding of concepts. This course
could be improved by giving students homework, practice tests, and better exams. Prospective students
should know cell biology and a basic level of immunology are essential to doing well in this course.
AS.020.351.01
Cancer Biology
Myles Hoyt
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
29
BIOLOGY
The best parts about this class were the interesting course material and the small class size which
facilitated asking questions and in-class discussions. Students appreciated the flexibility in choosing
their presentation topics, and enjoyed the research and presentation practice that the assignment
afforded them. However, some students found that the presentations were redundant at times, and
others suggested shortening presentations in favor of more lecture. Suggestions for improvement
included providing clearer grading criteria and more grading opportunities. Prospective students should
know that 50% of your grade is a test and 50% is a professional presentation.
AS.020.355.01
Fundamentals of Genome Informatics
James Taylor
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.020.363.01
Developmental Biology
Carolyn Norris, Christov Roberson, Mark Van Doren
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best part about this class was the team of enthusiastic professors who delivered engaging and
informative lectures. Students appreciated that professors made notes and lecture recordings available
online, and enjoyed the application of concepts learned in previous biology classes. Many students
were frustrated that the AV system did not always work. Others claimed that the three tests were not
sufficient to test the course material, and that they would have preferred more exams or other
opportunities for grades. Suggestions for improvement included providing homework assignments and
video recordings of lectures. Prospective students should take cell biology and genetics first.
AS.020.365.01
Intro to Human Skeleton
Christopher Ruff
Overall quality of the class: 4.66
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the hands-on labs, including those with human specimens that
reinforced lecture topics. Students appreciated the informative lectures that combined biology, history,
anthropology, and chemistry, and the professor's ability to explain complicated concepts. Students
expressed anxiety about the having the final grade based solely on two exams, and felt that there was
no good way to prepare for them given the volume of information. Thus, students suggested adding
graded homework assignments and providing study guides in advance of exams. Prospective students
should have a strong knowledge of human anatomy and anatomical terms.
AS.020.370.01
Emerging Strategies and Applications in Biomedical Research
30
BIOLOGY
Samer Hattar
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
Students enjoyed this well thought-out writing intensive science course that incorporated discussion on
new biomedical techniques. Students appreciated the proficiency that they developed with reading and
analyzing primary literature, as well as the clear and informative lectures that the professor provided.
Many students found the tests to be challenging, and some suggested that the content may be difficult
for undergraduates with limited lab experience. This class could be improved by putting graduate and
undergraduate students on different curves. Prospective students should have taken Cell Biology and
Biochemistry for this challenging and rewarding course.
AS.020.373.01-04
Developmental Biology Lab
Carolyn Norris, Christov Roberson
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best part of this class was the relaxed, interesting and engaging labs. Students appreciated the
more open-ended approach to the lab that put students in charge of their own research projects with a
team. Many students found it difficult to prepare for lab when the manuals were not updated until the
day of lab. Others claimed that the labs tended to be disorganized, and that it was unclear what to do
when labs did not work as planned. This class could be improved by having more clear expectations,
and doing a better job keeping the organisms alive. Prospective students should take this course
concurrently with developmental biology.
AS.020.442.01
Mentoring in Biology
Rebecca Pearlman, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students found the opportunity to help other students rewarding. Some students also noted that they
enjoyed the teaching experience that this course afforded, as well as the relationships with other
students and professors that they developed during the semester. Many felt that this class would have
benefitted more students if they had meetings on days other than Friday. Students also suggested
helping through Blackboard so that students were not always required to come to campus for help.
Prospective students should be aware that they will have a weekly mentoring commitment.
AS.020.612.01
Introduction to the Human Brain
Edward Hedgecock
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
31
BIOLOGY
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the availability of take home tests (both the midterm and final) and
lecture material online. Students appreciated the wide range of topics covered in the course, as well as
the opportunity during the final paper to familiarize themselves with contemporary research in the field.
Some students felt that the Professor was hard to hear and monotone during lecture. Students felt that
it would have been beneficial to have a smaller class size, and that more engaging or interactive lectures
would have facilitated better learning. Prospective students should know that this class is good for
those that have no prior knowledge of the human brain.
32
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.580.112.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
Students raved about the unique opportunity that this course provided for a hands-on, largely self-
directed, creative engagement with the process of developing an idea into a marketable product. Most
enjoyed the opportunities to work independently and to learn from upperclassmen, but were hoping for
more feedback and guidance from the professor. Many students agreed that the lectures themselves
were not particularly helpful for their projects, and suggested that more information about the
technical, business, and regulatory aspects of development would have been better. Prospective
students should expect to invest 12+ hours each week outside of the classroom into what will be a time
consuming but ultimately rewarding glimpse into the real world of biomedical engineering.
EN.580.200.01
Introduction to Scientific Computing in BME using Python, Matlab, and R
Michael Beer
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the solid introduction to programming with Python and
MATLAB and the rewarding final projects. While the frequent and time consuming homework
assignments were good practice, many students complained that the workload was overwhelming. This
compromised the quality of student work as well as that of the feedback they received. The lectures
themselves could have been more engaging, and the textbooks often proved more useful than the
lectures, according to some students. While it is not necessary, prospective students may benefit from
some prior programming experience. Prospective students should be ready to adhere to a strict
schedule of assignment deadlines throughout the semester.
33
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.202.01
BME in the Real World
Aleksander Popel
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
Students appreciated the broad survey of careers and testimonials that the series of speakers presented
them throughout this class. As a one-credit class, the only requirement was to attend each lecture, and
there was no outside work required. Students found some presentations to be unengaging, too
disorganized, or irrelevant to their interests, and many claimed that the emphasis on consulting careers
came at the expense of hearing from a more diverse collection of professionals. Prospective students
can expect to gain exposure to the variety of career options available to them in the field of biomedical
engineering, and to take the attendance policy seriously.
EN.580.222.01-04; 06-07
Systems and Controls
Michael Miller, Sridevi Sarma
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging professors who were noticeably invested in their
students' success in the course, and the material that many students found interesting. Students
emphasized there is a steep learning curve to this unique subject matter, and many claimed that better
explanations of some of the early, important concepts would make the material more digestible. They
suggested that more examples and practice problems might help alleviate some of the confusion.
Prospective students should keep in mind that this is a math-heavy course that would benefit from a
background in differential equations and linear algebra, and that staying on-pace with the course
requirements is necessary for success.
EN.580.223.01-04
Models and Simulations
Michael Beer, Aleksander Popel
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting subject matter and its potential applicability to real-
world situations. Students reported appreciating and enjoying the applied work, but lamented the fact
that such application was underemphasized and infrequent. Many students suggested caffeinating
before long lectures on dry material, often read off of slides--a situation that more interactive seminars
might help to remedy. Prospective students should have a strong background in differential equations,
and should consider previewing class notes before lectures.
EN.580.302.01
Careers in Biomedical Engineering
Aleksander Popel
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
34
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Summary:
Students enjoyed the opportunity to learn from the weekly guest lecturers who shared their experiences
and explained their career paths. Students felt that some careers discussed were not related to BME
and that there was little student interaction during lectures. Suggestions for improvement included
having improved opportunities for students to network with professionals, increasing the diversity of
fields discussed, and having a clear structure for grading expectations. Prospective students will have
the opportunity to learn about possible careers in BME, and will be expected to attend all lectures.
EN.580.312.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the interaction with professionals and the opportunity to develop
a project from start to finish. Students enjoyed working closely with a team throughout the course and
applying concepts learned to building a product. Students felt that feedback was not always helpful,
and that lectures and other assignments were irrelevant and distracting. Suggestions for improvement
included having clear guidelines and expectations outlined in a functional rubric, creating individualized
schedules for projects, increasing the availability of faculty, and increasing opportunities for more
workshops. Prospective students should be aware of the large time commitment and work load of the
course. This course is a highly recommended way to improve technical and team-based learning skills.
EN.580.412.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the ability to collaborate with a team of classmates, and to
apply engineering knowledge to design a medical device created to solve a clinical problem. Students
felt that it was hard to get guidance from professors and that there were few opportunities for
feedback. Lectures were irrelevant and students felt that grading was unclear with little guidance for
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included having set opportunities for feedback, having clear
expectations outlined at the beginning of the semester, and having more structured and engaging
lectures. Prospective students should be aware of the large time commitment and work load of the
course. This course is a highly recommended way to improve technical and team-based learning skills.
EN.580.414.01
Design Team/Team Leader
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
35
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
The best aspects of this course included the ability to access numerous resources and apply engineering
knowledge to design a medical device to solve a clinical problem. Students felt that it was hard to get
guidance from professors and that there were few opportunities for feedback. Lectures were irrelevant
and students felt grading was unclear with no clear guidelines for assignments. Suggestions for
improvement included incorporating set opportunities for feedback, having a clear grading rubric,
having more industry-appropriate guest lecturers, and providing more skill-appropriate training and
funding for students. Prospective students should be aware of the large time commitment and work
load demands of the course.
EN.580.420.01
Build-a-Genome
Joel Bader, Karen Zeller
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.422.01-04
Systems Bioengineering II
Eileen Haase, Xiaoqin Wang
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful TA's, the interesting and diverse material presented,
and the incorporation of neuroscience. Students felt that the course was disorganized due to the
number of instructors giving lectures, and that memorization of information was required too often.
Homework was tedious, time consuming and unrelated to course work. Suggestions for improvement
included having fewer instructors, creating more continuity between lecture topics, and having only one
professor write exams and homework. Prospective students should allocate time to study and start
assignments as early as possible. Attending lecture and TA sections is beneficial as well as having a
strong understanding of MATLAB coding.
EN.580.424.01-04
Systems Bioengineering Lab
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 3.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the few interesting hands-on labs and the ability to apply
concepts learned in SBE II. Students felt that the workload was extremely high and time consuming, and
that there was a lack of clarity concerning expectations. TA's were generally not helpful and did not
follow the rubric when grading assignments. Suggestions for improvement included recording pre-labs
as agreed upon, restructuring the Dr. Winslow lab to be shorter, having homework assignments better
reflect exams, and improving the workload to reflect a two credit course better. Prospective students
should prepare for the intense workload and have a good lab partner. Attending all pre-labs and
starting lab assignments early would be beneficial.
36
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.430.01
Systems Pharmacology and Personalized Medicine
Feilim Macgabhann
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the knowledgeable professor and interesting topics. Students also
enjoyed the manageable workload. Students felt that the assignments were not evenly distributed
throughout the semester and that the course was disorganized. Suggestions for improvement included
having more consistent and timely feedback on assignments, having more frequent but shorter
assignments to complete, and having more engaging and interactive lectures. Prospective students
should be self-motivated and attend all lectures. Students should also be very comfortable with
MATLAB and differential equations.
EN.580.434.01
Bioelectricity
Leslie Tung
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the engaging, passionate professor who introduced the students to
interesting topics and engaging discussion. Students felt that the course was difficult with a heavy
workload. The course lacked structure and had little guidance. Suggestions for improvement included
having more resources to learn from aside from lecture notes, allowing students to collaborate and
learn from each other, having a more manageable workload, and creating opportunities to work through
sample problems in lecture. Prospective students should be familiar with concepts learned in SBE1 and
Physics II. Students should allocate a significant amount of time each week to completing course related
work.
EN.580.442.01
Tissue Engineering
Jennifer Elisseeff, Warren Grayson
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
Students enjoyed the real-world application of material learned and the knowledgeable professors who
are involved in cutting-edge research. Students felt that the course was disorganized with no direction
concerning course topics, and that the grading was inconsistent and arbitrary. A few exams were based
on the students' ability to memorize information. Suggestions for improvement included providing the
students with supplemental resources such as a secondary text. Students also suggested having clearer,
more coherent lectures with more opportunities for feedback. Prospective students should have a
strong background in calculus and be knowledgeable about transport and cell tissues. Students are
encouraged to attend all lectures and to study in advance.
37
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.452.01-02
Cell and Tissue Engineering Lab
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the hands on lab experience and wide range of material learned.
Students felt that the lab protocols were hard to follow and inconsistent. Lab reports were tedious and
guidelines were unclear. Suggestions for improvement included having full lab reports for a few labs
and discussion questions for the rest. Students also suggested better protocols, more in depth
experiments, and having another fluorescent microscope made available to students. Prospective
students will gain exposure to different forms of lab work and have the opportunity to develop research
skills. Prospective students are encouraged to allocate sufficient time to completing lab reports as they
can be time consuming.
EN.580.460.01
Theory of Cancer
Aleksander Popel
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the unique subject matter and the ability to learn new modeling
techniques. Students felt that the time frame to complete projects was not sufficient and that the
course was disorganized such that most assignments were given at the end of the semester.
Suggestions for improvement included having a clearer syllabus made available at the beginning of the
semester and having students choose projects earlier in the year so that students may work on them for
the entire semester. Prospective students should be very comfortable with MATLAB and expect a
significant amount of independent work.
EN.580.491.01
Learning Theory
Reza Shadmehr
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting material presented by the passionate, clear, and engaging instructor.
Students praised the professor for being able to explain technical details of the material without losing
sight of the overarching concepts. The TA was very helpful and the homework assignments better
clarified concepts learned in class. Students found the assignments to be challenging and math-
intensive. Suggestions for improvement included providing clearer instructions for assignments and
more background information concerning course topics for students. Prospective students should be
prepared to allocate enough time to complete assignments and have a strong background in linear
algebra.
EN.550.621.01
38
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Probability Theory II
James Fill
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.631.01
Statistical Theory II
Carey Priebe
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.643.01
Graphical Models
Lo-bin Chang
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.653.01
Commodities and Commodity Markets
Helyette Geman, Gary Schultz
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.662.01
Optimization Algorithms
Daniel Robinson
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the well-prepared lectures, the good balance of theory and
application, and the comprehensive lecture notes circulated prior to lecture meetings. Students found
that the professor was highly knowledgeable and well organized, but that he occasionally moved too
quickly through slides, particularly with more difficult material. A few suggested that he had the
tendency to come off as condescending to students. Suggestions for improvement include more
frequent and detailed feedback on assignments and tests. Prospective students should have good
working knowledge of algebra and matrix, and a background with optimization will be beneficial.
EN.550.664.01
Modeling, Simulation, and Monte Carlo
James Spall
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
39
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.672.01
Graph Theory
Amitabh Basu
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.695.01
Advanced Parameterization in Science and Engineering
Gregory Eyink
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.697.01
Introduction to Control Theory and Optimal Control
Sylvain Arguillere
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
40
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
BIOPHYSICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.250.106.01
Introduction to Biomedical Research and Careers I
P Haung
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best part of this course was the opportunity to hear presentations by fascinating speakers from a
diverse range of industries and areas. Students found the lectures to be insightful, and appreciated the
exposure to potential career paths. Some students found certain guest speakers to presentations
complex. There was not much direction or clarity provided for the term paper, which was the only
grade for the course. This class would benefit from giving students a grading rubric for their term paper
and more opportunities for graded assignments. Prospective students should know this stress-free,
rewarding class required student attendance.
AS.250.131.01
Topics - Biophysics Research
Richard Cone, Karen Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.250.205.01
Introduction to Computing
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best part about this course was that it exposed students to four different programming languages.
Students praised the professor for carefully and effectively explaining the material, and found that the
assignments given enforced concepts. Some students claimed that there was not enough time given for
41
BIOPHYSICS
tests, and none of the four languages covered were learned in great depth. Suggestions for
improvement included recording and posting lectures online, and providing clearer instruction on
homework assignments. Prospective students should know that this class was a good introduction to
computer science.
AS.250.205.02-03
Introduction to Computing
Ana Damjanovic
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best part of this course was that it exposed students to three different programming languages.
Many students agreed that the professor was passionate and invested in her students' success, provided
helpful feedback, and assigned homework that effectively prepared students for exams. Some students
thought that this course moved too quickly through the material and provided only surface-level
understanding of each language. Suggestions for improvement included removing exams or allowing
more time for exams. Prospective students should know this class is a great introduction to computing.
AS.250.253.02-03
Protein Engineering and Biochemistry Lab
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best part about this class was the intriguing and interesting labs that allowed for hands-on learning
of difficult material. Students agreed that the small class size allowed for much individual attention and
feedback from the professor, and that the methods introduced in this course would be useful in other
subject areas. Some students found that the material was taxing, especially in the beginning of the
semester, and that expectations were not always clear. This class could be improved by including more
helpful feedback on assignments. Prospective students should know that background reading for labs is
extremely helpful.
AS.250.265.01
Introduction to Bioinformatics
Patrick Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.52
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the fascinating and applicable subject matter that was taught
with a hands-on approach. Students felt that the professor was very approachable, invested in his
students' success, and provided a welcome mix of lectures and labs. Some students claimed that
feedback on homework was sparse and not returned in a timely manner, and that labs sometimes
emphasized following directions over understanding. This class could be improved by having more
interactive lectures and exams that tested application of concepts. Prospective students may benefit
from a background in Unix and Python.
42
BIOPHYSICS
AS.250.300.01
Introduction to Biomedical Research and Careers II
P Haung
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best part of this course was that it introduced students to professionals in the biomedical field as
well as some of the research being conducted at Hopkins. Students appreciated the variety of speakers
and areas covered, as well as the question and answer format that allowed students to interact with
presenters. Some students felt that a few of the presentations were too technical, and that the papers
were too long. This class could be improved by giving students a grading rubric for the final paper.
Prospective students early in their academic careers should know that this class is great for gaining more
information about different topics in biomedical research.
AS.250.316.01
Biochemistry II
Steven Rokita, Sarah Woodson
Overall quality of the class: 2.67
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the small class size that facilitated interaction and the volume of
material learned. Many students found the grading to be ambiguous, and that the feedback provided
did not give a clear indication as to why points were deducted. Questions on homework and exams
were very vague. Students found lectures to be disorganized and the notes to be unhelpful resources.
This class could be improved by having clear, in-depth rubrics for homework assignments, and focusing
more on understanding concepts than minute details in homework and exams. Prospective students
should know that this class is challenging.
AS.250.381.01
Spectroscopy and Its Application in Biophysical Reactions
Juliette Lecomte
Overall quality of the class: 3.61
Summary:
The best part about this course was the new and interesting material covered. Students found the
lectures to be engaging, and appreciated the small class size. Some students complained that the
lecture notes were not helpful, and that there was no textbook to use as an additional reference.
Further, students struggled to keep up with the homework assignments due every class, and thought
that the multiple choice exam questions made tests excessively difficult. This class could be improved
by posting assignments online earlier, and spending more time applying theory to spectroscopy.
Prospective students should know reading the notes prior to going to class is essential.
AS.250.383.01-02
Molecular Biophysics Laboratory
43
BIOPHYSICS
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the small class size, the hands-on experience with biophysical
techniques, and the application of concepts learned in prior classes. Students found the professor to be
very helpful at answering both theoretical and practical questions, and appreciated that all students
were working on related but different projects. Some students felt that both the class schedule and the
assignments were disorganized, and that the workload was overwhelming towards the end of the year.
This class could be improved by offering students more prompt feedback on papers, and sharing more
data. Prospective students should know that this class was fun and challenging.
44
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
ARABIC DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.375.116.01-02
First Year Arabic II
Baraa Rajab
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The best part about this class was the professor's engaging, organized and enthusiastic classroom.
Students appreciated the professor's use of effective methods to practice language skills, and the good
balance of reading, writing, and speaking the language. Many students found it cumbersome to have
nightly homework and meet five days a week for class. This course would benefit from incorporating
more practical verbal activities in class, and having more practice with vocabulary to facilitate
memorization. Perspective students should know that the assignments and repetition make learning
easier.
AS.375.216.01
Second Year Arabic II
Sana Jafire
Overall quality of the class: 3.45
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the adaptable professor and the emphasis on practical speaking
skills afforded by the Thursday conversations. Students appreciated the small class size that gave each
student more opportunities to participate and practice. Many students found the tests to be
disheartening even though they had spent a lot of time studying vocabulary component. This class
could be improved through restructured exams, more focus on practical language, and a new textbook.
Prospective students should know this class will require lots of daily work, and should prepare for a
heavy time commitment.
AS.375.302.01
Third Year Arabic II
Baraa Rajab
45
ARABIC
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
46
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
CHINESE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.373.112.01-02
First Year Heritage Chinese II
Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best part of this class was the professor's engaging but relaxed classroom and eagerness to help
students succeed. Students appreciated the frequent opportunities to practice speaking skills and the
lessons on Chinese culture. Some students had difficulty adjusting to the variation in fluency among
students in their section, and the constant memorization requirements. This class would benefit from
giving students a list of expected Chinese language skills prior to the start of the semester, and having
more consistent vocabulary review. Prospective students should know that the teacher exclusively
speaks Chinese in class.
AS.373.116.01-03
First Year Chinese II
Jing-Yun Chen, Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.41
Summary:
The best parts about this course were the engaging and effective professors who encouraged questions
and facilitated interactive practice. Students appreciated the repetition and opportunities for practice
that helped students grasp and use the concepts introduced. Many students did not like having to make
skits and felt that having homework due every class was cumbersome. This course would have
benefitted from offering students more time to practice verbal skills during class, and from reducing the
amount of homework. Prospective students should know that this class will require a large time
commitment with weekly assignments, quizzes, skits and other projects.
AS.373.212.01-02
Second Year Heritage Chinese II
Aiguo Chen
47
CHINESE
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fact that Professor Chen ran a class that was funny and engaging. Students
appreciated the variety of assignments and media used to facilitate learning, and the emphasis placed
on conversation. Some students found that the two weekly quizzes were unnecessary, and that the
vocabulary requirements were excessive. This class could be improved by offering grammar worksheets
and homework assignments that are required to be handwritten. Prospective students should know
that they must keep up with vocabulary in order to succeed.
AS.373.216.01-03
Second Year Chinese II
Aiguo Chen, Yanfei Chen
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
Students enjoyed the professors' fun, engaging and passionate methods accompanied by a small class
size. Students appreciated the constant practice that the daily meetings afforded, as well as the
conversational approach to class that facilitated speaking practice. Many students found this course
exhausting because of the number of quizzes and assignments. This course could be improved by
spending more time on difficult assigned material, and using a wider variety of assignments and media
to keep the work interesting. Prospective students should know they will have two vocabulary quizzes a
week and a chapter test every other week.
AS.373.316.01
Third Year Chinese II
Yanfei Chen
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the dramatic improvement in language ability that students saw
over the course of the semester. Students appreciated the engaging and helpful professor as well as the
friendly learning environment that she fostered. Some students felt that they had too much work to do
in too little time and had trouble catching up if they ever were confused by a topic. This class would
have benefited from spending more time on verbal language skills, including grammar, pronunciation,
and fluency. Prospective students should know this class is rewarding, but will take a significant amount
of time.
AS.373.416.01
Fourth Year Chinese II
Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
48
CHINESE
The best part about this class included the professor's hardworking and enthusiastic approach to
teaching, and her insistence on getting each student to participate. Students appreciated the wide
variety of social and cultural issues that served as the basis for discussion. Some students felt this class
would have benefitted from being taught with a different text book, meeting more than 3 days a week,
and incorporating more opportunities for speaking practice. Prospective students should have a solid
grasp of Chinese, and may benefit from some background in Chinese politics.
AS.373.492.01
Fifth Year Chinese
Jing-Yun Chen
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
49
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
HEBREW DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.384.116.01
First Year Modern Hebrew II
Zvi Cohen
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.384.216.01
Second Year Modern Hebrew II
Zvi Cohen
Overall quality of the class: 3.11
Summary:
Students felt the best part of Second Year Modern Hebrew II was the small class size and fun, low stress
environment. Many felt that the Professor speaking English in class took away from their language
learning experience. A suggestion for improving this class would be for Professor Cohen to have a more
defined classroom structure and curriculum. Prospective students with a basic understanding of the
language will find this class is beneficial for strengthening Hebrew language skills.
50
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
HINDI DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.381.102.01
First Year Hindi II
Uma Saini
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was the small class size, and amazing teacher. Students appreciated the
inclusion of cultural lessons into the curriculum, as well as the teacher's investment in the students'
success. The only complaint was that the teacher at times was disorganized and did not clearly
communicate assignment requirements and expectations, although it did not deter from the classroom
experience. The main suggestion for this class was to slow down the pace of the class slightly, and to
make assignments more clear. Prospective students should know that although this class is challenging
it's also very rewarding.
AS.381.202.01
Second Year Hindi II
Uma Saini
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was that Professor Saini was approachable and always willing to work with
students. Students appreciated the mix of grammar lessons with more interesting cultural topics that
effectively facilitated learning and speaking Hindi. Some students felt that the class was too fast paced,
and that there was not enough time between classes to complete homework assignments on occasion.
A way to improve this class would have been to spend more time on spoken Hindi. Prospective students
should know that this class is a challenging and rewarding.
51
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
JAPANESE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.378.116.01-03
First Year Japanese II
Mayumi Johnson, Satoko Katagiri
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the emphasis on conversation, the practice and reinforcement
of grammar and vocabulary, and the noticeable progress throughout the semester. Students praised
the engaged professors and their use of culturally relevant materials to teach and reinforce concepts.
Class met every day, and some students found the constant workload overwhelming. This class could be
improved by offering students more resources for help and having fewer and less intensive quizzes.
Prospective students should know this class is not suggested if they already have a heavy course load.
AS.378.216.01-02
Second Year Japanese II
Makiko Nakao
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
Students enjoyed a small class size with a helpful, enthusiastic instructor who helped build confidence in
his students' language abilities. Students appreciated the emphasis on conversation, as well as the
variety of assignments used to facilitate practice. Some students found this course to be too fast paced,
and claimed that grading was often nit-picky with ineffective feedback. This course could be improved
by offering students more resources to improve their oral communication skills and having grammar
workshops. Prospective students should know this class is demanding.
AS.378.316.01
Third Year Japanese II
Makiko Nakao
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
52
JAPANESE
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
53
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
KOREAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.380.102.01-02
First Year Korean II
Jayoung Song
Overall quality of the course: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the hands-on exercises, the speaking practice exercises, and the
enjoyable group projects. Students felt that the professor was invested in her students' success, made
class fun, and provided ample feedback during 1-on-1 meetings throughout the semester. Some
students found the distribution of assignments with more homework due on Mondays overwhelming.
This class could be improved by offering students more opportunities to practice speaking and writing,
both inside and outside of the classroom. Prospective students should know that the professor is an
excellent guide to a new language.
AS.380.202.01
Second Year Korean II
Jayoung Song
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best part of this class was the homework that really helped students learn the Korean language.
Students praised the professor for keeping students engaged in class, providing a variety of assignments,
and making herself available to students outside of class. Some students felt that the classroom
environment was disconnected with two very different levels of proficiency in Second Year Korean II,
and that non-heritage students struggled. Many students felt that this class would benefit from having
two sections--one for heritage and one for non-heritage speakers. Prospective students should know
that Professor Song is always willing to help.
54
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
RUSSIAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.377.132.01
Elementary Russian II
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the thoughtful class material that required constant work and
reinforcement. Students praised the professor who was invested in her students' success for being very
helpful, accommodating, and engaging. While some students appreciated the practice afforded by
weekly quizzes, tests and frequent homework, others thought that they were a nuisance. Prospective
students should know that this class will be a lot of work, but it is an effective way to learn the Russian
language.
AS.377.209.01
Advanced Russian Grammar
Annalisa Czeczulin
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.377.396.01
Senior Seminar II: Master & Margarita
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
55
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
CENTER FOR LEADERSHIP EDUCATION DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.663.630.01
Business Creation and Contracts
Guido Galvez
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the presentation of interesting information in basic terms with
realistic application. Students appreciated the professor's ability to provide examples from personal
experience to elucidate concepts discussed in class. Students felt that the class was too late at night and
that more frequent and consistent assignments would have helped reinforce concepts learned.
Suggestions for improvement included better preparation for exams and having the class earlier in the
day. Prospective students are encouraged to take this course if interested in law.
EN.663.631.01
Intellectual Property Law
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.663.640.01
Writing Proposals that Win
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.663.645.02
Improving Presentation Skills for Scientists and Engineers
Julie Reiser
56
CENTER FOR LEADERSHIP EDUCATION
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.663.654.01
Commercializing Your Invention or Idea
Joshua Reiter
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.663.660.01
Managing People and Resolving Conflicts
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting content, engaging lectures, group discussions and
exercises, and effective teaching style of the instructor. Students appreciated the hands-on, interactive
approach to teaching the concepts and skills introduced in class. Graded assignments were not handed
back in a timely fashion and the allotted time for class was not long enough. Suggestions for
improvement included having the course extend over the entire semester, making information
accessible to students via Blackboard, and having feedback returned to students in a timelier manner.
Prospective students interested in management will benefit from the skills taught in this course.
EN.663.666.01
Managing Personal Finances
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.663.670.01
Project Management
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning real life examples from guest lecturers. Students found the information
presented and the topics covered to be very practical and immediately applicable. Students felt that the
course was boring and not engaging, and that the instructor was hard to hear. Suggestions for
improvement included improving class discussion by having students read prior to class and making the
lecture more interactive and engaging. Students also suggested that the class project be better
incorporated into the course. Prospective students should be aware that the course focuses on the
construction and civil engineering aspects of project management.
57
CENTER FOR LEADERSHIP EDUCATION
EN.663.671.01
Leading Change
William Smedick
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
58
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.540.202.01-03
Introduction to Chemical & Biological Process Analysis
Jeffrey Gray
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the solid overview of the field of chemical engineering that the
course provided, and the thorough and enthusiastic professor. Students appreciated the social nature
of the class, fostered by the weekly PILOT sections and the emphasis on collaboration for homework
assignments. Many students agreed that an occasionally mismanaged lecture pace meant ignoring
more difficult example problems and important concepts, which made the homework more difficult.
Further, students suggested that they would have appreciated more explicit instruction on MATLAB, and
more guidance on the open-ended final project. Prospective students should have a solid background in
chemistry, physics, and mathematics, and be prepared for group work.
EN.540.203.01
Engr. Thermodynamics
Chao Wang
Overall quality of the class: 3.29
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the interesting subject matter taught by an enthusiastic professor
who was invested in helping his students learn. Students agreed that the course was very difficult but
that progress and improvement were obvious and rewarding. Many students claimed that the lectures
generally moved too quickly and lacked structure, making them hard to follow. Students suggested that
spending more time in class on example problems than formula derivation would have been beneficial.
Prospective students should have a strong grasp of calculus, and be prepared to read in advance of
every class. Students also advised that the professor's weaknesses in the classroom are compensated
for by his willingness to help during office hours.
EN.540.301.01
59
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEEERING
Kinetic Processes
An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 4.41
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the thorough and clear professor and the practical applications
of kinetics through MATLAB. Many students reported that the professor seemed invested in the
students' success in the class, but that they wished that there was more opportunity to meet with the
professor or TA for office hours. While MATLAB was often required for homework assignments,
students claimed that there was not much formal instruction on using the program, and more time was
often spent on programming than kinetics. Suggestions for improvement include allowing more time for
example problems during class and extending office hours. Prospective students should be prepared to
utilize the textbook as a resource in advance of class, and will benefit from familiarity with MATLAB.
EN.540.301.02
Kinetic Processes
Honggang Cui
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging course material and the clear, effective lectures
given by a professor who is very much invested in his students' success in the course. Students found
that the pace of the course could have been improved so that the more difficult material in the second
half of the course did not have to be so rushed. While homework assignments prepared students well
for the exams, many would have liked more assistance with the MATLAB components. Prospective
students should expect a heavy workload, and be prepared to attend lectures and seek out help as soon
as they begin to feel overwhelmed.
EN.540.303.01
Transport Phenomena I
K Konstantopoulos
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the challenging but interesting material, and the clear, well
planned lectures presented by a passionate and invested professor. Students agreed that the professor
did a great job of keeping students engaged, ensuring their success, and making expectations very clear.
Many students took issue with the grading distribution that weighed a very difficult final exam very
heavily. Suggestions for improvement included providing practice exams, and crafting exams that better
resemble the homework. Prospective students should have a good working knowledge of calculus
through calc III, and be prepared to invest a lot of time into sufficiently preparing for class.
EN.540.306.01
Chemical & Biomolecular Separation
Michael Betenbaugh
60
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEEERING
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included learning material that is useful for chemical engineering, and the
engaging professor whose energy and frequent questions made the class interactive and entertaining.
Students found exams to be fair and reflective of the information covered in class. Many students
claimed that lectures and notes were disorganized, as well as the homework assignments and deadlines.
Students would have appreciated receiving more prompt grades and feedback on their assignments and
focusing more on examples during class time. Prospective students should be prepared to attend every
lecture and to utilize the textbook effectively.
EN.540.307.01
Cell Biology for Engineers
Xin Yi Chan, Joy Yang
Overall quality of the class: 3.54
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included restricting non-engineers from enrollment, the manageable
workload, and the accessibility of the professors. Students appreciated the frequent quizzes and
assignments that encouraged them to stay on top of the work. Many students reported that exams
tested memorization rather than an understanding of the material, and that they were too short given
their impact on final grades. Suggestions for improvement included providing more detailed and
organized lecture notes, and amending the exams to make them longer and more clearly worded.
Prospective engineering students should consider this class as a good alternative to the biology
department's course.
EN.540.310.01
Product Design Part 2
Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.314.01
ChemBE Product Design
An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the freedom to choose and develop a project with a team, to
work independently, and to gain exposure to the real-world process of development in chemical
engineering. Many students felt that one semester was not enough time to make any real progress on
their product or to build a prototype, and were disappointed that their work was cut-off by the time
constraint. Thus, many suggested extending the course and giving students a budget or opening other
61
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEEERING
funding and sponsorship opportunities. Prospective students should be excited to learn about the
design process, even if it is unlikely that they will be able to fully develop their product.
EN.540.314.02-03
ChemBE Product Design
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the freedom to be creative and the ability to apply existing
knowledge to developing a product. Many students thought that the class should have been extended
over two semesters to ensure time to develop a prototype, and that more structure and guidance would
have been helpful, especially with regard to the economic aspects of the project. Suggestions for
improvement included having students and the professor agree on periodic benchmarks for each team
to clarify goals and expectations. Prospective students should be prepared to collaborate with a team in
order to develop and troubleshoot a product. Also, students should be excited to learn about the design
process, even if it is unlikely that they will be able to fully develop their product into a prototype.
EN.540.315.01
Process Design with Aspen
An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included learning programming software that is very applicable in the
industry and being able to apply knowledge gained from previous coursework. Many students agreed
that more detailed and extensive tutorials on ASPEN would have been beneficial, as many felt that they
were ill equipped to meet the demands that the course required. Suggestions for improvement
included having smaller progress checkpoints throughout the semester and providing examples for
troubleshooting common errors. Prospective students should be prepared to collaborate with a team in
learning to navigate the highly practical but tedious ASPEN software.
EN.540.315.02-03
Process Design with Aspen
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 3.45
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included learning programming software that is very applicable in the
chemical engineering profession and being able to apply knowledge gained from previous coursework.
Many students agreed that more detailed and extensive tutorials on ASPEN would have been beneficial,
as they felt that much time was wasted by trial-and-error attempts at figuring out basic functions on the
program. Suggestions for improvement included doing more sample problems with ASPEN and allowing
more time for feedback on ASPEN and each team's process. Prospective students will be better able to
62
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEEERING
contribute to the project if competent in kinetics and separations, and should be prepared to attempt
assignments in advance so that there is sufficient time to seek help if necessary.
EN.540.403.01
Colloids and Nanoparticles
Michael Bevan
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the entertaining and passionate instructor, as well as the
freedom to choose topics of interest for assignments. Students would have preferred more specific
guidelines and feedback for paper assignments. Some students enjoyed working with partners on
collaborative work, while others felt that the gap in educational background among students gave some
groups a distinct advantage. Suggestions for improvement included having more engaging and varied
lectures with a greater emphasis on participation. Prospective students should be prepared to receive a
general overview of the field and to delve into specific areas of interest through papers and
presentations.
EN.540.419.01
Projects in the Design of a Chemical Car
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the creative freedom in applying knowledge acquired in other
courses to a hands-on project. Some students enjoyed the collaborative team-work aspect of the
project while others felt they were either excluded from participating or left with too much
responsibility. To resolve some of these problems, students suggested that the professor organize the
teams more rigidly, or implement a system of self-reporting to monitor participation and ensure
accountability. Students should be prepared to meet regularly with team members outside of regular
class hours, and to get out of this class what they put into it.
EN.540.421.01
Project in Design: Pharmacodynamics
Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor and the uniquely flexible structure of limited class
time. Students were free to pursue topics of interest within groups and meet with the professor weekly
to discuss and present assigned materials. Some students had trouble with the lack of feedback,
direction, and instruction that resulted from this class format, and did not know how they were
performing in the class. Thus, clearer guidelines for weekly presentations and a better general sense of
course expectations would have proven helpful for many. Prospective students should be motivated
and ready to work within a group on topics of interest without much direction or oversight.
63
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEEERING
EN.540.437.01
Application of Molecular Evolution to Biotechnology
Marc Ostermeier
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to cutting edge scientific studies and the mix of
theory and application included among the course materials. Some students appreciated the weekly
scientific journal readings as the articles showed recent developments in the field, while others found
that the journal articles were tedious, dry, and difficult to read. Students suggested that having lecture
notes distributed would have been beneficial, and that expanding the grading system to include more
than three tests would have been preferred. Prospective students will find a background in molecular
biology to be beneficial, and should be prepared to acclimate themselves to working with journal
articles.
EN.540.440.01
Micro/Nanotechnology : The Science and Engineering of Small Structures
David Gracias
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.452.01
Eukaryotic Cell Biotechnology
Michael Betenbaugh
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on, research-based approach to the course, and the
ability to develop and present a project of choice. Some students noted that the professor was
encouraging and seemed genuinely interested in their research topics. While the structure of the class
was unique, some students felt that the class at times seemed disorganized and that communication
about scheduling changes could have been better. Prospective students can look forward to the
opportunity to practice giving scientific presentations and gaining hands-on lab research experience.
EN.540.490.01
Chemical Laboratory Safety
Lise Dahuron, Daniel Kuespert
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the practical nature of the class, the light workload, and the
entertaining and engaging professors who were organized and made class fun. Students noted that the
material for this class was often dry, redundant, and intuitive. Some students suggested that the
meeting time be shortened and that course notes and assignments be posted to Blackboard in a timely
64
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEEERING
manner. Prospective students should be aware that this class meets only once per week and that
attendance is mandatory. Students will find that the workload is light and the class time is enjoyable.
EN.540.603.01
Colloids and Nanoparticles
Michael Bevan
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the engaging and informative professor, the discussion-based
approach to class, and the ability to pursue an area of interest through a group research project. The
course provided a broad overview of the subject matter, and some students would have preferred to
learn about fewer topics in greater depth. Other students suggested that the in-class student
presentations helped to provide more depth, but that supplemental readings prior to presentations
would have been beneficial. Prospective students should be aware that grades are based on papers and
presentations, so they should be prepared to develop their skills in these areas.
EN.540.637.01
Application of Molecular Evolution to Biotechnology
Marc Ostermeier
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor who was able to present difficult material
effectively, as well as the application-based approach to the material. Students appreciated the broad
overview of the field that the course provided, as well as the exposure to cutting-edge research. Many
students felt that it was difficult to prepare for exams due to a lack of practice problems and other study
materials. Thus, they suggested that having more study resources throughout the semester would have
been beneficial. Prospective students should be familiar with the processes of DNA replication, and
should be prepared to work largely with scientific journal articles.
EN.540.640.01
Micro/Nanotechnology : The Science and Engineering of Small Structures
David Gracias
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor's ability to cohesively integrate a broad range of
topics that the survey course provided. Students found the course materials to be interesting and felt
that assignments enforced concepts learned in class. Some students lamented the fact that the breadth
of topics covered prevented them from delving more deeply into areas of interest. Suggestions for
improvement included dispersing deadlines more evenly throughout the semester and increasing the
number of graded assignments. Prospective students should be aware that grades are based solely on
papers and presentations, and that assignments can be lengthy when not done with a partner.
65
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEEERING
EN.540.661.01
Nanobioengineering Laboratory
Joelle Frechette, An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
66
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
CHEMISTRY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.030.102.01
Introduction to Chemistry II
Paul Dagdigian
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
Summary:
The best part of this course was the manageable workload. The professor was well organized and
covered a wide range of topics throughout the semester. Many students found the PowerPoint slides
too detailed with too much information and the exams were long and difficult. This course could be
improved by teaching students how to read the textbook properly at the beginning of the semester and
clearly outlining learning objectives during lecture. Having break out sections would also help students
better understand course material. Prospective students should know that it is important to stay up to
date on their readings and joining PILOT was helpful.
AS.030.102.02
Introduction to Chemistry II
Sunita Thyagarajan
Overall quality of the class: 3.19
Summary:
The best part about this course was that assignments enforced concepts learned in lecture. This class
had fair exams, and the professor was easily accessible if students needed help. Many students found
the textbook to be unhelpful and the online homework frustrating. Suggestions for improvement
included clearly outlining learning objectives during lecture and slowing down the pace in order to
provide more thorough explanations. Prospective students should have a solid background in
chemistry. This course requires a significant amount of independent study to understand concepts and
students should attend office hours as soon as necessary.
AS.030.103.01-02
Applied Chemical Equilibrium and Reactivity w/ Lab
Jane Greco
67
CHEMISTRY
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best part about this course was the professor's approachable demeanor and desire for students to
succeed. This course was intellectually challenging and fast paced. Some students found the grading
system confusing and the exams difficult. This course could be improved by providing PowerPoints
before lectures, assigning more practice problems, and having labs better enforce concepts learned in
class. Prospective students should know this course has a manageable but difficult workload. Students
are encouraged to stay ahead of the material and seek help as soon as a topic is confusing.
AS.030.106.01-05
Introductory Chemistry Laboratory II
Louise Pasternack
Overall quality of the class: 3.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the professor's passion for teaching and the fun, engaging labs.
This course provided students with a lot of supplemental resources to study. Some students found the
grading rubric confusing and the post-lab work excessive for a one credit course. Suggestions for
improvement included making the course worth more than one credit or reducing the workload.
Prospective students should find a good lab partner to work with. This class has a heavier work-load
than most one credit classes and students should be prepared to dedicate a significant amount of time
to completing assignments.
AS.030.113.01
Chemistry with Problem Solving II
Eric Hill
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was the individualized attention students received. This course was great
for students who were not familiar with chemistry as concepts were clearly explained. Many students
felt the time was too late at night and inconvenient. Suggestions for improvement included having class
meetings more than twice a week and providing students with more practice problems. Prospective
students should know this course is extremely helpful and highly recommended as a way to reinforce
and practice chemistry concepts.
AS.030.204.01-02
Chemical Structure and Bonding w/ Lab
Tyrel McQueen
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
68
CHEMISTRY
The best part about this course was the interesting and challenging material taught by the professor
who was still active in the field. Some students felt there was not enough feedback to gage progress in
the class and found the overall course very challenging. This course could be improved by having more
balanced lab sections and more available practice problems. Prospective students should be prepared
for a challenging course that requires a significant amount of independent study. Students should also
have a strong background in chemistry and know how to make MO diagrams.
AS.030.206.01
Organic Chemistry II
Lawrence Principe
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The instructor was an enthusiastic, funny, realistic and engaging chemistry professor that managed to
make Organic Chemistry II worth taking. This class had fair exams. Many students found the course to
be difficult and would have liked more example problems to practice and study concepts. This course
could be improved by offering more worksheet questions instead of book assignments, and offering
students more opportunities to see their progress throughout the semester. Prospective students
should know that lecture attendance was important to performing well and taking this course taught by
this instructor is worth the early morning trek to class.
AS.030.206.02
Organic Chemistry II
Christopher Falzone
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The best part of this course was the clear, entertaining lecture style of the professor who was flexible
and willing to work with students. Many students found it frustrating that quizzes were not based on
material they had studied or discussed in class. The course was an adjustment for students who had not
taken this professor last semester for Organic Chemistry I. This course could be improved by posting
practice problems and solutions on blackboard earlier in the semester, as well as having better clicker
questions. Prospective students should know that this class is challenging and students are encouraged
to not fall behind.
AS.030.212.01
Honors Organic Chemistry
Thomas Lectka
Overall quality of the class: 4.93
Summary:
The best part of this class was the enthusiastic and intellectually stimulating instructor. Some students
found the overall course to be challenging and found assignment instructions to be vague at times. This
class could be improved by offering students a problem set for each topic covered in order to gain more
practice for exams. Prospective students should know that attending class is essential as this course
69
CHEMISTRY
does not have a textbook. A basic understanding of concepts presented in Organic Chemistry II would
be helpful.
AS.030.225.01-05
Introduction to Organic Chemistry Lab
Larissa D'Souza
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best parts of this course was that each student was able to complete his or her own lab. Labs
corresponded well with the concepts taught in Organic Chemistry II. Many students found grading to be
arbitrary and were frustrated that they were given only 15 minutes to review tests. This course could be
improved by providing clearer guidance on what was expected for each lab. Prospective students
should know that attending lecture is mandatory.
AS.030.227.01-02
Chemical Chirality: An Introduction in Organic Chem. Lab, Techniques
Eric Hill
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best part of this freshman only course was that the experiments were fun and interesting. Many
students found the class size too large. Labs were time consuming and sometimes stressful and tedious.
This course could be improved by having a longer pre-lab lecture and shortening labs to be more
manageable. Prospective students should be prepared to dedicate a significant amount of time outside
of lab to complete reports and during lab in order to complete labs and work on the final project.
Students should be aware that lab usually runs an hour or so late.
AS.030.228.01
Intermediate Organic Chemistry Laboratory
Rebekka Klausen
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the special project, independent lab time, and ability to apply and
practice basic lab techniques. Some students felt frustrated with not having a midterm in this course,
which limited their ability to know what to expect on the final. This course could be improved by
offering students more hands on lab time. Students are encouraged to take this course while enrolled in
Organic Chemistry II. Prospective students should take Chemical Chirality prior to this course.
AS.030.302.01
Physical Chemistry II
Harris Silverstone
Overall quality of the class: 2.58
70
CHEMISTRY
Summary:
Students enjoyed the intellectual challenge of this course, and found the course material to be
interesting. Students appreciated that lecture notes were provided prior to class, and that the professor
was willing to meet when help was needed. Students agreed that the material was very difficult, and
that the lectures themselves were not helpful. Suggestions for improvement included a fluid connection
between lectures, homework and exams, more explicitly stated math prerequisites, and the use of
formula sheets on exams. Perspective students should be prepared to do lots of memorization, and to
seek out help as soon as the material becomes overwhelming.
AS.030.306.01-02
Physical Chemistry Instrumentation Laboratory II
Joel Tolman
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
The best part of this course was that it taught different lab techniques. Students found the labs to be
interesting, and appreciated the opportunity to apply physical chemistry principles. Some students
found the lab reports to be difficult and time consuming. Further, students would have appreciated
more background and explanations before labs. Suggestions for improvement included having
functional lab equipment, and providing more transparency and feedback for lab grades. Prospective
students should be prepared to start assignments early, and to work closely with TA's and other
students in order to successfully complete assignments.
AS.030.316.01
Biochemistry II
Steven Rokita, Sarah Woodson
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging and conceptually-based lectures as well as the
engaging professors. Students noted that the material covered was useful for the new MCAT. Students
found the grading expectations to be unclear and confusing, and the exam questions did not effectively
indicate a desired answer. The best way to improve this class would be to provide clear grading rubrics
for exams and homework assignments, and to provide students with practice tests and answer keys.
Prospective students should know that this is a difficult but interesting class that will require lots of
independent study, and that notes and articles should be read along with the book.
AS.030.345.01
Chemical Applications of Group Theory
David Yarkony
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
71
CHEMISTRY
AS.030.371.01
Chemistry for Connoisseurs
John Tovar
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.402.01
Experimental Methods in Physical Chemistry
Kit Bowen
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.451.01
Spectroscopy
Paul Dagdigian
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.601.01
Statistical Mechanics
David Yarkony
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.614.01
Chemical-Biology Program Interface Forum II
Steven Rokita
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.615.01
Special Topics in BioInorganic Chemistry
David Goldberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
72
CHEMISTRY
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.620.01
Chemical Biology II
Steven Rokita
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.622.01
Seminar: Literature of Chemistry
John Tovar
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.626.01
Advanced Mechanistic Organic Chemistry II
Marc Greenberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.634.01
Topics in Bioorganic Chemistry II
David Goldberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.678.01
Advanced Organic Synthesis II
Thomas Lectka
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
73
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
CIVIL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.560.141.01
Perspectives on the Evolution of Structures
Benjamin Schafer
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the compelling lectures given by a dynamic and passionate
professor, the interesting subject matter, and the manageable workload. Some humanities students
found the physics and engineering components to be challenging, while engineering students would
have preferred more technical content and less writing. Some felt that the homework assignments
were difficult, and that test content occasionally involved rote memorization. Suggestions for
improvement included providing more prompt and detailed feedback on assignments. Prospective
students should be aware that this course involves both math and writing, and that completing the
readings is essential to success in the class.
EN.560.202.01-02
Dynamics
Lori Graham-Brady
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting material and its applicability to real-world
scenarios, as well as the effective teacher who was invested in helping her students succeed. Students
acknowledged that the material was very difficult. Suggestions for improvement included providing and
working through more practice problems in class, and ensuring more consistency between sample
problems and those encountered on the exam. Prospective students should be familiar with differential
equations and linear algebra, and should seek help as soon as the material becomes overwhelming as
concepts build quickly off of one another.
74
CIVIL ENGINEERING
EN.560.206.01
Solid Mechanics & Theory of Structures
Michael Shields
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the clear and effective professor and the mix of theory and
application presented. The homework assignments were long and difficult; however, students felt that
they were great resources to prepare for exams. Some students had to self-teach themselves concepts
as methods learned in class did not prepare them for the homework assignments. Suggestions for
improvement included making more productive use of time with the TA section, and providing more
substantial feedback on assignments. Prospective students should have a strong background in Statics,
and should be prepared to attend class, as lecture content serves as the basis for exams.
EN.560.325.01
Structural Design II
Rachel Sangree
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the excellent professor whose effective teaching style was
conducive to learning the material. Many students claimed that a shift in grading structure between the
first and second semesters made the workload heavy, and even excessive. Thus, students suggested
scaling back the combination of quizzes, projects, and exams to make it more manageable. Prospective
students should be prepared to stay on top of a rigorous work schedule throughout the semester but to
leave the class with a strong foundation in structural design.
EN.560.330.01
Foundation Design
Lucas de Melo
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging professor and the real-world applications used to
further explain concepts. Students felt that the course load was manageable, but that it would have
been better if assignments were evenly distributed throughout the semester. The overall course
seemed disorganized, and the consistent lack of feedback on homework assignments inhibited students'
ability to learn from mistakes. Suggestions for improvement included hiring a TA to help provide more
feedback and have more flexible office hours. Prospective students should have a solid understanding
of soil mechanics, and be prepared to rely heavily on the textbook to self-learn the material.
EN.560.348.01
Probability & Statistics in Civil Engineering
Sauleh Siddiqui
Overall quality of the class: 4.02
75
CIVIL ENGINEERING
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the instructor's thorough, careful explanations and varied
teaching techniques. Some students appreciated the use of MATLAB in the course, while others would
have preferred more explicit instruction with the program and better correlations to lecture topics.
Many students felt that the delayed feedback on homework assignments left them ill-prepared for the
frequent quizzes. Suggestions for improvement included having either more instruction on MATLAB or
less reliance on it, and covering more practice questions in class. Prospective students should be
advised that attendance is mandatory and monitored through the use of clicker questions, and that a
background in MATHLAB will prove useful.
EN.560.447.01
Systems Science for a Dynamic World
Joshua Epstein, Erez Hatna
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the work with Net Logo modelling and the expertise and
enthusiasm of the professors. While some students appreciated the more casual class structure, others
claimed that the lack of structure and the infrequent assignments prevented them from getting out of
the class all that they could have. Many students suggested splitting up the class time to include a lab
component or having more homework assignments to facilitate more programming practice. Previous
students advised that a background in programming may prove useful.
EN.560.452.01
Civil Engineering Design II
John Matteo
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor's guidance throughout the project and the
opportunity to bring together and apply engineering knowledge to a real-world scenario. A few
students felt the course was poorly structured and that the lack of established deadlines throughout the
project made it easy to fall behind. As a result, students suggested that the professor work with teams
to establish benchmark deadlines throughout the term, and that he require students to begin the
architectural design earlier in the fall term. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy yet
rewarding workload that will bring together skills acquired throughout their Hopkins careers.
EN.560.627.01
Topology Optimization for the Design of Materials, Devices, and Structures
James Guest
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
76
CIVIL ENGINEERING
EN.560.660.01
Modeling Complex Systems Colloquium
Lori Graham-Brady
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.560.730.01
Finite Element Methods
Somnath Ghosh
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.560.764.01
Infrastructure Asset Management
Xin Chen
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
77
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
CLASSICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.040.108.01
Elementary Latin
Michele Asuni
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the time for questions and explanations, as well as the
cooperative environment afforded by the small class size. The professor was willing to review
problematic material, and fostered a low-stress environment. Some students said that there was a
general lack of organization and rushed material, due in part to the number of class cancellations.
Suggestions for improvement included providing clearer expectations for quizzes and other graded
assignments, and adding more information on Roman culture. Prospective students should know this
class is hard, but rewarding.
AS.040.146.01
Classics and Comics: Ancient Writers and Modern Visual Culture
Genevieve Gessert
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best part about this class was the professor's enthusiasm for the subject. Students agreed that the
course was very well organized, and that the carefully crafted mixture of classical and contemporary
materials facilitated interesting conversations. Some students found the required participation on
Blackboard to be bothersome and ineffective, and the weekly quizzes to be tedious. Suggestions for
improvement included providing a rubric for Blackboard assignments and including more in-class
discussion. Prospective students should know that they will have the ability to choose the topics they
want to write about on for this class.
AS.040.148.01
Ancient Isreal and Ancient Greece in Opera and on Film
Dimitrios Yatromanolakis
78
CLASSICS
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.040.208.01
Intermediate Latin
Nicholas Kauffman
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best part about this class was the professor's passion and enthusiasm for the subject. Students
appreciated the translation-based approach to class and homework assignments, and enjoyed the
readings that were assigned. Some students felt they covered too much material over the course of the
semester, and others indicated that the material was difficult given their limited experience with Latin.
This class would benefit from the instructor slowing down, spending more time on translations, and
working with texts other than the Aeneid. Prospective students should be prepared to have homework
every night, and should have a solid grasp on Latin grammar.
AS.040.307.01
Advance Latin Prose
Dimitrios Yatromanolakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.040.320.01
Myth in Classical Art
Alan Shapiro
Overall quality of the class: 3.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject material, as well as the overall structure
of the class. Students praised the professor for his enthusiasm and his willingness to help students learn
the material. Many students felt that the exams focused primarily on rote memorization of small
details, and that the amount of material on the exams was overwhelming. This class would benefit from
having a study guide for exams, and having more dynamic and interactive classes. Prospective students
should prepare for a heavy workload, and my benefit from a background in Greek mythology.
AS.040.363.01
Craft and Craftpersons of the Ancient World: Status, Creativity and Tradition
Emily Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
79
CLASSICS
The best aspects of the class included the discussion-based approach to class, and the interesting course
materials. Students agreed that the professor was an engaging lecturer and that she did a good job
guiding conversations. Some students claimed that the expectations for the weekly reading responses
and other written assignments were not always clear. This class could be improved by starting with an
overview of the time periods and locations discussed during the course to provide a working
background. Prospective students should know this class is writing intensive and should be prepared to
do the readings and contribute to class discussion.
AS.040.410.01
Junior-Senior Capstone: Food and Dining in the Ancient World
Matthew Roller
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
80
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
COGNITIVE SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.050.107.01
Language and Advertising
Kyle Rawlins
Overall quality of the class: 3.31
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting and engaging subject matter, the moderate
workload, and the availability of examples to aid understanding. Students claimed that there was a
general lack of organization for the course, with ambiguous expectations for assignments, changing
deadlines, and inconsistent grading. Suggestions for improvement included using a more interactive
lecture style with less reliance on PowerPoint slides, and providing more substantial feedback on
assignments. Prospective students should know that this class is good for non-science majors.
AS.050.203.01
Cognitive Neuroscience: Exploring the Living Brain
Soojin Park
Overall quality of the class: 3.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject matter that was based on cutting-edge
research, and the variety of study resources available. Students appreciated that lectures were
recorded and posted on Blackboard, and that study guides were circulated before every test. Some
students found lectures to be dull, and claimed that the tests required rote memorization. This course
would benefit greatly from incorporating homework and practice tests throughout the semester, and
including a research paper or another means of evaluating students beyond the three exams. It is
recommended that students take the suggested prerequisite courses prior to enrollment.
AS.050.315.01
Cognitive Neuropsychology of Visual Perception: The Malfunctioning Visual
Michael McCloskey
81
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
Overall quality of the class: 4.52
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging and informative lectures as well as the interesting
subject matter. Students enjoyed the readings, and appreciated that they were mostly available in a
free e-book. While some students appreciated that the pop quizzes forced them to study, others
thought they were stressful because they accounted for 30% of the final grade. Suggestions for
improvement included reworking the quiz system and assigning more manageable readings for each
class. Prospective students should know that it's beneficial to have a background in neuropsychology
and that they will need to keep up with the readings to do well in this class.
AS.050.320.01
Syntax I
Geraldine Legendre
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students enjoyed Professor Legendre's detailed feedback and willingness to help. Students appreciated
the variety of resources available to assist them throughout the semester, including detailed lecture
hand-outs, help sessions for longer homework assignments, and extra credit opportunities. Some
students found that the assigned problem sets were confusing, and that the homework problems were
not representative of the types of questions on graded assignments. Suggestions for improvement
included doing more examples with tree drawings, and providing more practice in advance of graded
assignments. Prospective students should know that a solid background in linguistics is beneficial.
AS.050.333.01
Psycholinguistics
Akira Omaki
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject matter that exposed students to the
theory behind concepts through research papers and other primary sources. Students appreciated the
professor's approachable demeanor and willingness to help students throughout the semester with
clear explanations. Many students found the readings to be dense and difficult, and the volume to be
unbearable. Suggestions for improvement included lightening the reading load and facilitating more
class discussions. Prospective students should be aware that there is a presumed background in
linguistics and in syntax in particular.
AS.050.339.01
Cognitive Development
Julia Yarmolinskaya
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
82
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
The best aspects of the course included the enthusiastic and thorough professor, as well as the
thoughtful organization of the class. Students appreciated having clearly stated expectations, options
for homework assignments, and guidance for final exams. While many agreed that having a break was
useful, students still struggled with getting through the 2.5 hour lecture block. This class would benefit
from being divided into two sessions a week, and having more in-class discussions and student
participation. Prospective students should know this class is fun, but will require a significant amount of
reading.
AS.050.372.01
Foundations of Neural Network Theory
Paul Smolensky
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject area, the broad exposure to theories and
debates in neural network theory, and the freedom to apply topics covered to areas of interest.
Students enjoyed the professor's fun and enlightening lectures. While, some students enjoyed the
inclusion of math into theory, others found the math component to be intimidating. Further, while the
syllabus was coherent and productive, the workload was often overwhelming. This course would
benefit from having more practice available for math problems and help sessions outside of class.
Prospective students should know they need a basic understanding of calculus and linear algebra prior
to taking this course.
83
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
COMPUTER SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.600.104.01
Computer Ethics
Sheela Kosaraju
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussion-based approach to class and the debates that
emerged from it. Some students claimed that conversations sometimes drifted off topic and resulted
more in opinion stating than productive discussion. Thus students suggested that the professor be a bit
more proactive in moderating discussions, or present more discussion topics so that debates are shorter
and more poignant. Prospective students can expect a light workload and prepare for classes that are
comprised of discussion and debate.
EN.600.107.01
Introductory Programming in Java
Sara More
Overall quality of the class: 4.01
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the interesting and useful material, the hands-on learning, and the
multiple resources made available to help students learn (including Piazza and the accessible teachers
and TA's). Some students felt that the homework facilitated effective learning while others held that
the homework was consuming and more difficult than the material covered in class. Suggestions for
improvement included working more practice problems in class, especially for the second semester.
Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy weekly time commitment and prepared to use all
of the resources available to them. Students will leave the class with a solid foundation in Java.
EN.600.108.01-03
Introduction to Programming Lab
Sara More
84
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the hands-on experience programming with Java. Many
students recommended taking this course concurrently with the Java programming class as the two
courses supplemented and reinforced topics which made the homework assignments much easier.
Some students suggested that the three-hour lab was unnecessarily long and that many of the
assignments were repetitive. Thus, they suggested making shorter but more poignant and
comprehensive tasks for class. Students advised that this course will be particularly helpful for first-time
programmers.
EN.600.120.01
Intermediate Programming
Adam Teichert
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the learn-by-doing introduction to C and C++ programming and
the passionate, effective professor. Students appreciated the professor's practice of writing and
explaining code in real-time, as well as his detailed feedback on assignments. Many students, however,
felt that the assignments were excessively long, and that they were given before being taught the
material in lecture. Thus, students suggested that the assignments be shortened or restructured, and
that more details about the assignments be provided. Prospective students will develop a solid
foundation in C and C++ coding and should be prepared for a heavy workload.
EN.600.120.02
Intermediate Programming
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the hands-on, application-based approach to learning C and
C++, as well as the level of skill acquired by the end of the class. While the practice was useful for
learning, many students claimed that the homework assignments were extremely time consuming, and
occasionally required skills that had not yet been taught. Thus, many suggested either shortening the
assignments, allowing more time for their completion, or spending some time in class discussing them.
Prospective students can expect to spend 10-20 hours each week working on assignments, and may
benefit from having some prior coding experience.
EN.600.120.03
Intermediate Programming
Benjamin Mitchell
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
85
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the broad and substantial introduction to C and C++
programming and the multiple resources available to students to learn the material. Many students felt
that the homework assignments required an excessive amount of time, and that the grading was
exceptionally strict. Further, some students suggested that there was a great disparity between the
topics covered in class and the expectations for homework assignments. Thus, students suggested that
shorter and clearer assignments would have made the work more manageable and productive.
Prospective students should be prepared for a large time commitment and will leave the course with a
strong background in C and C++.
EN.600.226.01-03
Data Structures
Sara More
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the careful coverage of the course material as well as the invested
and enthusiastic professor. Lectures were effective and the assignments accurately tested and
reinforced concepts introduced in class. Students would have preferred a better balance of conceptual
aspects of the material with actual coding, and many suggested increasing the pace of the course.
Suggestions for improvement included providing more prompt and detailed feedback on assignments,
and scheduling assignments and exams so that they would not fall on the same day. Prospective
students should have a background in Java.
EN.600.233.01-02
Computer System Fundamentals
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 3.62
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the passionate and knowledgeable professor, as well as the
interesting material. Students found lectures to be very informative, though many indicated that having
class notes posted in advance would have been helpful for weekly preparation. Students appreciated
the difficulty of assignments, but many were confused by the grading system. Suggestions for
improvement included providing more supplemental resources for students to better understand
concepts, and providing more prompt and detailed feedback on assignments. Prospective students may
benefit from a background in programming and should be prepared for a heavy work load.
EN.600.250.01
User Interfaces and Mobile Applications
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
86
COMPUTER SCIENCE
The best aspects of the class included the opportunity to learn about programming through the hands-
on development of an Android app and the freedom to develop a project within a group setting. Some
students felt that the course was too focused on the design aspect of the project and did not include
enough about development or implementation. Students suggested spending more time on the actual
coding, and making the class more organized and structured with clearer deadlines. Prospective
students may benefit from a prior background with Java, and should be prepared for some independent
learning of Android programming.
EN.600.271.01
Automata & Computation Theory
Stephen Checkoway
Overall quality of the class: 4.03
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the helpful and personable professor, as well as the interesting
and useful material that the course covered. Many students noted that the coursework was very
challenging, and that the material was theory and proof-based. Some students felt that the professor
moved too quickly through topics. Suggestions for improvement included having class notes to study
before lectures, providing more prompt and detailed feedback on homework assignments, and giving
more practice problems in preparation for exams. Prospective students will benefit from a background
in discrete math, and should be prepared to invest a lot of time into assignments.
EN.600.316.01
Database Systems
Yanif Ahmad
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the interesting course material and the enthusiastic,
knowledgeable, and effective professor who gave thorough explanations on concepts. Many students
felt that the homework assignments were exceptionally difficult, and that the long delays in receiving
feedback did not allow for opportunities to improve. Thus, more prompt feedback would have been
appreciated by many. Further suggestions for improvement included either setting regular office hours
or increasing instructor availability for meetings with students. Prospective students may benefit from
having some background with Python, and should be prepared for a heavy workload.
EN.600.320.01
Parallel Programming
Randal Burns
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the highly applicable and unique course content, as well as the
passionate and flexible instructor. Many students claimed that there was a lack of organization to the
course, especially surrounding task requirements and submission protocol for assignments. Students
87
COMPUTER SCIENCE
were discouraged from seeking help after many reported frequently receiving rude responses from TA's.
Suggestions for improvement included having more hands-on and in-depth engagement with the tools
and skills encountered in class, and tying them back into programming applications more effectively.
Prospective students should have exposure to C/C++, Java, and Python.
EN.600.328.01
Compilers and Interpreters
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting material and the hands-on approach to learning
about compilers. Students appreciated that all assignments contributed to one larger project that
effectively enforced material. However, some students noted that errors on previous assignments
detrimentally affected the end product due to the cumulative nature of the project. Suggestions for
improvement included considering an alternative to the final exam, and providing more lecture slides
for the second half of the course. Prospective students should be prepared for a coding intensive course
that will require a large time commitment that is well worth the effort.
EN.600.335.01
Artificial Intelligence
Benjamin Mitchell
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the insightful lectures presented by a clear and engaging
professor, as well as the practical implementation of all concepts covered throughout the course. Many
students noted that the assignments were well organized, detailed, effective, and challenging. Students
also noted that assignments did not correspond with lecture material and concepts had to be self-
taught. Suggestions for improvement included changing the writing assignments, and focusing more on
implementing algorithms. Prospective students should be aware that there is a large writing component
to the course, and should be prepared for a heavy time commitment.
EN.600.344.01
Computer Network Fundamentals
Antonio DeSimone
Overall quality of the class: 3.23
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to interesting and relevant material, and an
efficient assignment format that emphasized understanding the material. Students noted that the
material was theory-centered and did not involve actual application or coding. Many students agreed
that they found the lectures to be unhelpful and rather dry, and some felt that the lectures and
homework did not adequately prepare them for exams. Suggestions for improvement included more
interactive and engaging lectures, as well as more application-based assignments. Prospective students
88
COMPUTER SCIENCE
should be prepared to do more textbook reading than other CS courses, but can look forward to a
lighter workload as well.
EN.600.355.01
Video Game Design Project
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.363.01
Introduction to Algorithms
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the difficult but useful material covered, as well as the
knowledgeable professor who was invested in the students' understanding of the material. Students
appreciated that the professor was accessible and regularly posted notes and practice problems online.
Some students claimed that some homework assignments were exceptionally time consuming, and that
feedback on assignments was not provided in a timely manner. Suggestions for improvement included
doing fewer proofs and more examples during lecture. Prospective students should have a background
in discrete math, and should allot extra time at the beginning of the course for learning Latex.
EN.600.402.01
Medical Informatics
Harold Lehmann
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the hands-on group activities, the stimulating in-class
discussions, and the interesting examples of medical informatics drawn from current events. Students
appreciated the abbreviated format of the class and the quick overview of the field that it provided.
Many students claimed that the wiki system for submitting assignments was unnecessarily difficult to
use. Suggestions for improvement included making the course more structured and providing more
clarity as to the course requirements, syllabus, and lesson plans. Prospective students can look forward
to a more casual classroom atmosphere, and need not have any computer science background.
EN.600.411.01
Computer Science Innovation & Entrepreneurship II
Lawrence Aronhime, Anton Dahbura
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
89
COMPUTER SCIENCE
The best aspects of the course included the combination of business concepts and skills with computer
science into a hands-on, dynamic project of choice. Students found the course to be very practical, and
thought that the professors' respective areas of expertise complimented one another well. Some
students would have appreciated having assignments centrally posted on Blackboard with clearer
requirements. Further, some students suggested that less time be spent on business planning aspects
and more time spent on product development. Prospective students may find themselves in a better
position if they enter the class with a project idea, and should be ready to create and adhere to their
own deadlines.
EN.600.416.01
Database Systems
Yanif Ahmad
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to the fundamentals of database management
systems and the opportunity to gain hands-on coding experience. Many students claimed that there
was a disparity between the material covered in class and the homework expectations. There were
often errors in the codebase and in the assignments, which made completing them much more difficult
and time consuming. Suggestions for improvement included a more prompt return of feedback on
assignments, the use of a different programming language, and more engaging lectures. Prospective
students must be fluent in Python.
EN.600.420.01
Parallel Programming
Randal Burns
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the widely applicable material covered and the passionate,
knowledgeable, and humorous professor. Many students commented that the assignments were
thoughtfully designed and very useful for learning the material. However, many students agreed that
the lectures were ineffective, disorganized, and left students ill-equipped to complete the demanding
homework assignments. Many students also felt that TA's were unprofessional and rude. Suggestions
for improvement included having an overall better planned course and making lecture slides more
organized and intelligible. Prospective students should be self-motivated. Previous graduate students
felt that this course was not an appropriate level of depth, rigor, or complexity for a graduate course.
EN.600.424.01
Network Security
Seth Nielson
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
90
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.426.01
Principles of Programming Languages
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the responsive, knowledgeable and passionate instructor as well
as the interesting material. Students noted that the assignments were effective for learning the
material. While comments on assignments were detailed and instructive, feedback was untimely and
left students with little idea as to how they were performing. Students also found the late-days policy to
be excessively harsh in terms of point deductions. Suggestions for improvement included providing
feedback on assignments more promptly, and making homework assignments less time consuming.
Prospective students should be prepared for conceptually difficult material with few resources available
outside of the course textbook. Students may benefit from experience with functional programming.
EN.600.435.01
Artificial Intelligence
Benjamin Mitchell
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.436.01
Algorithms for Sensor-Based Robotics
Gregory Hager, Simon Leonard
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to useful topics in robotics, the constant
references to real-world applications of the concepts, and the enjoyable assignments. Some students
suggested that the lectures and presentation of the material occasionally seemed jumbled, and that
better organization would have allowed for more clarity. Further, some students suggested that probing
concepts with greater depth and using concrete examples would have led to a more confident
understanding of the material and its applications. Prospective students may benefit from prior
familiarity with robotics and C++.
EN.600.444.01
Computer Networks
Antonio DeSimone
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the broad overview of computer networks and internet
communication that the course provided, as well as the clearly presented content. Several students
91
COMPUTER SCIENCE
claimed that the course worked exclusively with theory, and that the inclusion of some hands-on
implementing would have been helpful. Suggestions for improvement included making lectures more
interactive and dynamic, and including some coding into the syllabus. Prospective students should keep
in mind that this is a theory based course but that the material is useful and relevant.
EN.600.446.01
Computer Integrated Surgery II
Russell Taylor
Overall quality of the class: 4.52
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the freedom to design and implement a project of choice, the
practice with presentations, and the opportunity to work with leaders in the field. Many students noted
that the hands-on approach afforded them a unique opportunity to learn about the design process with
the potential to contribute to the medical community. Some students felt that some project mentors
were difficult to contact and less involved than others, and the projects suffered as a result of the lack of
guidance and feedback. Thus, facilitating increased communication between students and mentors was
one area of possible improvement. Prospective students should be ready for a large time commitment
as well as the struggles and benefits of working in a team.
EN.600.451.01
Introduction to Bitcoin and Other Crypto-currencies
Giuseppe Ateniese
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the intriguing material, the clear and concise lectures given by
an articulate and effective professor, and the flexibility in the grading and course structure. Students
appreciated the option to choose between a paper, exam, or presentation for the final project.
However, many students disliked the fact that the final project grade was the only grade for the course
and suggested providing more graded assignments throughout the term. For those who chose papers or
presentations, it was suggested that benchmark deadlines and progress reports be set earlier in the
semester. Prospective students should be advised that the graded final assignment was self-directed.
EN.600.454.01
Practical Cryptographic Systems
Matthew Green
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting and important material, as well as the
informative and topical lectures given by an enthusiastic professor. Many students appreciated his
inclusion of current events surrounding security issues into the coursework. Several students agreed
that the course was disorganized, and there were long delays in receiving feedback on assignments and
midterms. Suggestions for improvement included providing more comprehensive notes and study
92
COMPUTER SCIENCE
materials, and returning homework in a timelier manner. Prospective students should be prepared to
attend lectures, and should be comfortable using a variety of programming languages.
EN.600.463.01
Algorithms I
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the solid foundation in common algorithms. Many students
noted that the weekly homework assignments were difficult but effectively reinforced concepts
presented in class and prepared students for the exams. Some students claimed that lectures were
unclear at times, and that the feedback on assignments was often delayed. Suggestions for
improvement included adding more applications of algorithms to the syllabus to compliment the more
theoretical material covered. Prospective students should be aware that this is a math-heavy, proof
oriented course, and that a background in data structure may prove helpful.
EN.600.466.01
Information Retrieval and Web Agents
David Yarowsky
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject matter, the enjoyable homework
assignments that facilitated hands-on learning, and the opportunity to learn PERL. Many students found
the lectures to be confusing and unengaging, and encountered problems with the provided "skeleton
code" for assignments, which took away from the more important and creative elements. Students
suggested that the course would benefit from having a Piazza discussion site, or some other means of
communicating problems encountered. Prospective students should be motivated to study the material
on their own throughout the semester, as the only exam given is the final.
EN.600.468.01
Machine Translation
Philipp Koehn
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the interesting course material which presented cutting edge
developments in the field, and the expert lectures from the knowledgeable professor. Many students
praised the course assignments that enforced material covered in class and afforded the opportunity to
apply concepts to points of interest. Some students felt overwhelmed by the complexity of some
journal articles and had to pursue outside readings for better explanations. Suggestions for
improvement included having more engaging lectures and allowing more time to complete the final
project. Prospective students may benefit from coursework in Natural Language Processing and
Machine Learning, and should be competent in Python.
93
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.469.01
Approximation Algorithms
Michael Dinitz
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.470.01
Combinatorics & Graph Theory in Computer Science
Xin Li
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.476.01
Machine Learning: Data to Models
Suchi Saria
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the interesting subject matter, the entertaining and interactive
lectures, and the exposure to cutting edge developments in the field. Delayed feedback on assignments
prevented students from having opportunities to improve, and the exceptionally fast pace of the class
made it difficult to keep up with concepts. As a result, students suggested slowing the pace in class and
giving shorter assignments that emphasized understanding rather than task completion. Prospective
students will benefit from a background in linear algebra, machine learning, and statistics. This course
was based more in programming than theory, and dealt largely with statistical modeling.
EN.600.636.01
Algorithms for Sensor-Based Robotics
Gregory Hager, Simon Leonard
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the breadth of topics covered as well as the hands-on,
interactive assignments. A few students claimed that the final exam was an ineffective way to evaluate
students and that a project would have better served the goals of the class as well as student interests.
Others felt that at times the professors mentioned and applied algorithm concepts that were unfamiliar
to non-computer science students. Suggestions for improvement included spending more time
explaining the algorithms, and investigating SLAM theory in greater depth. Prospective students may
benefit from a background in C++, ROS, and probability.
94
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.641.01
Machine Learning for Genomic Data - Trends and Applications
Alexis Battle
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.643.01
Advanced Topics in Computer Security
Aviel Rubin
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.660.01
FFT in Graphics & Vision
Michael Kazhdan
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.666.01
Information Extraction
Sanjeev Khudanpur
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging and effective professor who was invested in
ensuring the students' success. Some students noted that the professor's feedback on assignments was
both timely and insightful. Several students pointed out that some of the topics focused on in the
course were outdated, and suggested including more up-to-date work in the syllabus. Prospective
students should have a strong programming background as this course can be challenging, and expect to
develop firm foundations in automatic speech recognition.
EN.600.667.01
Advanced Distributed Systems & Networks
Yair Amir
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.675.01
Statistical Machine Learning
Raman Arora
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
95
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the broad survey of statistical machine learning and the
exposure to cutting edge discoveries in the field. Some students noted that the professor was engaging
and open to discussion during class, and that the lecture slides and assignments provided were effective
teaching tools. Some students felt that the course was not well planned and did not allot enough time
to cover other areas of machine learning. Suggestions for improvement included having lecture twice
per week, and being more selective about which topics are best addressed in class or saved for self-
study. Prospective students should be aware that this is a theory-focused course without application or
coding, and should have a strong background in linear algebra.
EN.600.676.01
Machine Learning: Data to Models
Suchi Saria
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the rich topics addressed as well as the emphasis on practical
application and hands-on learning. Many students felt that delayed feedback on assignments prevented
them from improving, and that lectures could have been clearer with class time used more effectively.
Suggestions for improvement included shortening the homework assignments to allow more time for
the final project, and hosting review sessions more frequently. Prospective students should be able to
program using Python, and should be prepared for a heavy workload.
EN.600.726.01
Selected Topics in Programming Languages
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.765.01
Selected Topics in Natural Language Processing
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.766.01
Selected Topics in Meaning, Translation and Generation of Text
Benjamin Van Durme
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.768.01
Selected Topics in Machine Translation
Philipp Koehn
96
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.775.01
Selected Topics in Machine Learning
Raman Arora, Mark Dredze
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.780.01
Selected Topics in Computational Genomics
Benjamin Langmead
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
97
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.270.102.01
Freshman Seminar: Conversations with the Earth
Amanda Charrier
Overall quality of the class: 2.88
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the manageable work load, the weekly topics, and the rock field
trip. Students felt the lectures were repetitive and not engaging, and there was a lack of feedback on
homework. Suggestions for improvement included spreading out assignments throughout the
semester, increasing class interaction and participation, and breaking up the field trip into multiple days
as it was fairly long. Prospective students interested in geology or the environment should take this
class. This course requires a ten page term paper at the end of the semester.
AS.270.110.01
Freshman Seminar: Sustainable + Non-Sustainable Resources
Dimitri Sverjensky
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the unique material covered by a knowledgeable Professor.
This course provided students with a basic introduction to the oil industry. Some students felt they did
not receive enough feedback on their assignments and the readings were confusing at times.
Suggestions for improvement included incorporating field trips, having a rubric with clear expectations,
and adding visual presentations to vary lectures. Prospective students should know class participation is
weighted heavily.
AS.270.114.01
Guided Tour: The Planets
Kevin Lewis, Darrell Strobel
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
98
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
Summary:
The best part of this course was the availability of slides and lectures on blackboard. The workload was
manageable and students were engaged via clicker questions. Students found the lectures to be boring
at times and the amount of information was overwhelming. This course could be improved by
incorporating homework assignments for self-evaluation throughout the semester, finding ways to
make lectures more interactive, and having exams correspond with material learned in lecture.
Prospective students will find this class challenging and are encouraged to study early and work hard,
especially non-science majors.
AS.270.224.01
Oceans & Atmospheres
Anand Gnanadesikan, Thomas Haine
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
Students enjoyed the engaging, knowledgeable professors who taught interesting subject matter. The
assigned problem sets were difficult and students found it necessary to seek out supplemental
resources. Suggestions for improvement included spacing out homework assignments throughout the
semester, supplying students with more supplemental materials to study, and posting recommended
readings for the next class on the syllabus. Prospective students should have a basic understanding of
calculus, physics, and chemistry.
AS.270.311.01
Geobiology
Naomi Levin
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best part about this course was the interesting content which provided a strong introduction to
earth science for biology majors. Professor Levin was readily available to answer questions from
students who were struggling. Some students felt they did not have enough time to cover all material
and the dataset assignment was very difficult. Suggestions for improvement included recording
lectures, and increasing opportunities to practice problem sets and get feedback. Prospective students
should know that this class is taught at a graduate level. A background in plate tectonics and an
understanding of basic geochemistry is necessary to do well.
AS.270.312.01
Mammalian Evolution
Kenneth Rose
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
The best part about this course was the interesting and entertaining lectures. The professor was very
knowledgeable and incorporated his professional experience into the course. Some students felt the
99
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
class focused too much on paleontology and not enough on biology. This course could be improved by
adding a lab component, decreasing the amount of memorization, and scheduling the class more
frequently at shorter times throughout the week. Prospective students should know that this course
requires a lot of memorization, but it is manageable if students keep up with lecture material.
AS.270.313.01
Isotope Geochemistry
Benjamin Passey
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.270.315.01
Natural Catastrophes
Peter Olson
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was the enjoyable lectures that were engaging and well presented. This
course provided a background on geology, ocean, and atmospheric sciences. The final project was
difficult and some students felt it was too technical. Many students also felt this class would benefit
from incorporating a lab. This course could be improved by having additional resources available for
students to study. Prospective students should have taken physics and calculus II and are encouraged to
begin final projects as early as possible.
AS.270.325.01
Introduction to Oceanography
Anand Gnanadesikan
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.270.332.01
Soil Ecology
Katalin Szlavecz
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the opportunity for students to do field work and attend field
trips. The small class size afforded students hands on learning experience. Many students found it
frustrating that they had to rely on other people to correctly collect and enter data. This course could
be improved by having a grading rubric for assignments and shortening the length requirement of the
final paper. Prospective students should be aware that this course is focused on field work and should
be comfortable getting dirty and handling insects.
100
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
AS.271.107.01
Introduction to Sustainability
Cindy Parker
Overall quality of the class: 3.53
Summary:
The best part of this class was its relevance to current events. The professor, who had a deep
investment in sustainability, was knowledgeable and easy to pay attention to. Some students felt there
was not enough time to work on group projects and the course lectures were boring. Students felt the
multiple choice format of the quizzes was confusing and questions were hard to answer. This course
could be improved by having a smaller class size and graded weekly assignments. Prospective students
should know that no background knowledge is needed to do well in this course.
AS.271.302.01
Nature, Baltimore and a Sense of Place
Alexios Monopolis
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best part of this course was that it allowed students to become more aware of their surroundings.
Students found field trips to be fun and journal assignments promoted creative thinking. Some students
found the lack of feedback on assignments vexing and the class size too large which inhibited discussion.
This course could be improved by providing a checklist of possible parks to explore in the metro area,
having multiple field trip dates to accommodate schedules, and giving more consistent feedback on
assignments. Prospective students should know this writing intensive course is great for students to
explore Baltimore.
AS.271.360.01
Climate Change: Science & Policy
Darryn Waugh, Benjamin Zaitchik
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
The best part of this course was the ability for students to observe the relationship between politics and
climate change. The Professors were engaging and passionate, and the course material was interesting
and thought provoking. Some students found the lectures to be long and disorganized. Exams were
challenging and the grading criteria was unclear. This course could be improved by incorporating more
assignments throughout the semester. Prospective students should complete all of the course readings
and pre-requisites in order to do well in this course.
AS.271.401.01
Environmental Ethics
Alexios Monopolis
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
101
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
Summary:
Students enjoyed the thought provoking questions that made them look at ethical issues through
different perspectives. Students felt debates were repetitive and there was little feedback on student
progress. Suggestions for improvement included scheduling the course to meet more than once per
week, having a formal syllabus, and making time for peer reviews and student-teacher meetings.
Prospective students should know this course does not require a background in Environmental Science.
This course will improve students' public speaking and debate skills.
AS.271.403.01
Environmental Policymaking and Policy Analysis
Helen Serassio, Rhey Solomon
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the personal experience shared by the professors and the
discussion based lectures. This course was engaging and provided students with interesting, helpful
course readings. Some students found the class size to be too large which inhibited productive
discussion. Lecture slides contained too much information and the late class time was inconvenient for
undergraduate students. This course could be improved by making it twice a week at shorter times and
providing more feedback on assignments. Prospective students should know they will have two group
projects and no exams in this course.
102
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
EAST ASIAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.310.108.01
Introduction to Chinese Fiction and Drama
Fumiko Joo
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best part about this course was the wide variety of interesting readings assigned. Students praised
the professor's enthusiasm in teaching the course, as well as her organization and ability to provide
prompt feedback on assignments. Some students felt that this course would have benefitted from
shorter reading assignments, as the volume of weekly reading made understanding difficult, and class
discussion sometimes suffered as a result. Prospective students should know that they don't need to
know Chinese to take this course.
AS.310.117.01
Love and Illusion in Japanese Literature
Fumiko Joo
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the enjoyable fiction readings supplemented by historical and
cultural studies, as well as the chronological progression of the readings. Students also praised the
professor for her passionate presentations of the material. Many students found the class discussions
to be dry and not intellectually engaging. Suggestions for improvement included better organized and
guided discussions. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy reading load, and should know
that a background in Japanese history and culture is not necessary.
AS.310.306.01
Domestic Politics of Contemporary China
Yi Yang
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
103
EAST ASIAN
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the broad overview of Chinese history and politics, as well as the
knowledgeable professor. Students appreciated the inclusion of current events into the course through
in-class presentations. Many students felt that they received inadequate feedback on their papers, and
that grading seemed arbitrary given the lack of suggestions or explanations for deductions. Suggestions
for improvement included having the class meet twice each week for less time, and providing more
detailed feedback on assignments. Prospective students who have already taken East Asian history
classes likely will be relearning material.
AS.310.308.01
The Frontier in Late Imperial China
John Bandy
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the informative readings, the organization of the class, and the
lively discussion. Students praised the professor for challenging them to participate in complicated
arguments and concepts presented in the readings. Some students felt that the reading materials were
dense and that the volume of work was very high. This class could be improved by offering more
variation in the type of assignments, and providing shorter, more concise and focused readings.
Prospective students should be prepared for challenging readings and frequent, but short writing
assignments.
104
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
ECONOMICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.180.102.01-06; 08-10; 14-18; 21-24
Elements of Microeconomics
Bruce Hamilton
Overall quality of the class: 3.30
Summary:
Many students in the class appreciated the instructor's expertise and the application of concepts to real
world examples. The course material was interesting and the instructor as well as TAs made themselves
available to students. Most students felt the grading criteria was unclear and did not allow for different
interpretations of the material. Exams were difficult and students would have liked more assignments
to practice concepts. Other suggestions for improvement included better communication between the
instructor and TAs, and more feedback from the instructor on exams. Prospective students are
encouraged to seek help at the learning den and prepare to allocate time for independent study.
AS.180.203.01
Faculty Research in Economics
Bruce Hamilton
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best part of this course was getting to learn about the Economics Department faculty research
projects by having different professors guest lecture every week. Some students felt course lectures
were hard to understand due to the heavy amount of jargon. This course could be improved by
providing more guest lecture background information on blackboard, incorporating interactive aspects
into lectures, and providing a syllabus that clearly outlined the guest lecturer topics and schedule.
Prospective students should know that this 1 credit, pass/fail class is accessible to most students, and
attendance is mandatory.
AS.180.242.01
International Monetary Economics
Illenin Kondo
105
ECONOMICS
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the organized structure, accessible course notes on blackboard,
and clear, yet challenging course material. This course was a good introduction to international
economics topics. Some students felt the professor spoke too quickly during lecture. This course could
be improved by having more assigned problem sets, scheduling section meetings every week, and
incorporating interactive aspects into lectures. Prospective students should know that understanding
basic algebra and macroeconomic theory are important to doing well in this course. This course is a
must take for those who want to major in finance.
AS.180.252.01
Economics of Discrimination
Barbara Morgan
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best part about this course was that it had no exams. The material was interesting and offered
students the freedom to choose their final paper topic. The professor was knowledgeable and able to
engage students on an individual basis during lecture. Some students found it frustrating that classes
were repetitive and assignments were not due on class days. This course could be improved by
providing a rubric for weekly responses. Prospective students should know that assigned readings are
necessary, and a background in economics is important for doing well in this course.
AS.180.263.01
Corporate Finance
Gregory Duffee
Overall quality of the class: 3.72
Summary:
The best part of this course was its applicability to the real world. This course had no homework, yet
was intellectually stimulating and challenging. Exams were very difficult and students were randomly
called on to answer questions. This course could be improved by slowing down the speed of lecture,
and offering more walk through examples in class. Prospective students should know this course is
useful for a career in corporate finance, and teaches aspects of financial decision making.
AS.180.266.01
Financial Markets and Institutions
Jon Faust
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best part of this course was the overview of financial systems terms and concepts used in the real
world. Students had access to the professor's clear notes online. Some students found that the
106
ECONOMICS
problem sets were confusing and the lectures were dull at times which made it hard to concentrate.
This course could be improved by having smaller lecture sections. Prospective students should know
this class is good for non-economics majors. This course provides a basic understanding of financial
markets and is similar to monetary analysis.
AS.180.302.01-04
Macroeconomic Theory
Anton Koreinek
Overall quality of the class: 3.28
Summary:
The best part of this class was the enthusiastic, upbeat Professor. Course material was easy to follow
due to the assigned textbook and thorough lectures. Some students found the problem sets vague and
challenging. This class could be improved by offering students the entire class period to complete
exams and working example practice problems in class. Prospective students should prepare for a
challenging course and enroll only if required by major. Students should have a background in calculus
and a basic understanding of macroeconomics.
AS.180.308.01
Financial Regulations in the US
Hai Nguyen
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to explore bank theory and listen to engaging
guest speakers. This course provided students with a complete and detailed description of the
development of the United States financial system. Some students felt the class could have
incorporated more discussion. This class could be improved by having more comprehensive lecture
notes available for students. Prospective students should know this is primarily a history class.
AS.180.309.01
Economics of Uncertainty and Information
Edi Karni
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.180.317.01
Economics of Fixed Income Instruments
Gregory Duffee
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
107
ECONOMICS
The best aspects of this class were the application of mathematical concepts and the opportunity to
collaborate on assignments. The professor had a clear understanding of the material and was able to
make class interesting and engaging. Some students found the course to be more advanced than a 300
level course. This course could be improved by incorporating a TA section, and increasing the number of
credit hours assigned or listing it as a graduate level course. Prospective students should be proficient in
MATLAB and have a strong background in calculus, differential equations, and stochastic.
AS.180.334.01-02
Econometrics
Elena Krasnokutskaya
Overall quality of the class: 3.16
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting subject matter, and quickly graded exams. This
class provided useful tools for analyzing data. Some students found the three hour block of instruction
long and hard to pay attention to. Problem sets were difficult and students were not given sufficient
materials to prepare for exams. This course could be improved by making class twice per week and
giving students more example problems to study. Prospective students should have taken Statistics II.
This class has no final exam, only a final project.
AS.180.336.01
Economic Forecasting
Robert Barbera
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best part of this course was the real world applicability to markets. The professor was friendly,
engaging, and able to supplement course material with personal experience from working on Wall
Street. Some students felt they did not get enough feedback on assignments. This course could be
improved by providing grading rubrics for presentations and memos. Prospective students should have
a background in financial accounting and a strong background in macroeconomics. This class will
require students to present and defend opinions in class.
AS.180.351.01
Labor Economics
Yuya Takahashi
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
The best part of this class was the fact that lectures were textbook and research based. Professor
Takahashi was engaging and posed interesting discussion questions. Some students found the problem
sets to be long and difficult to understand. This course could be improved by having a review of STATA
and increasing the opportunities for students to receive feedback. Prospective students should have
taken Econometrics. Completing assigned readings is an important aspect to doing well in this course.
108
ECONOMICS
AS.180.368.01
Managerial Economics and Business Strategy
J. Knapp
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The best aspects of this class was the interesting material and its applicability to finance students. This
course taught students valuable concepts on how to run a company. Some students felt they did not
get enough feedback on exams and papers. This course could be improved by meeting multiple times a
week and providing clearer expectations for assignments. Prospective students interested in finance are
encouraged to take this course and prepare for a significant amount of group based learning.
AS.180.371.01
Industrial Organization
Elena Krasnokutskaya
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were that it was well organized and clearly presented. It looked at both
the qualitative and quantitative elements of industrial organization. Some students found the pace of
the class was too fast and homework was harder than material covered in class. This course could be
improved by incorporating TA sections, encouraging class participation, and providing more
opportunities to apply concepts to real world examples. Prospective students should have taken
microeconomic theory. This course has 3 midterms and 4 problem set assignments.
AS.180.389.01
Social Policy Implications of Behavioral Economics
Nick Papageorge
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included student access to both problem sets and solutions posted
online at the same time. Students received ample feedback on assignments. Many course concepts
were advanced and some students felt they did not know how to properly read an economic policy
paper. This class could be improved by posting slides online prior to class and working example problem
sets during lecture. Prospective students should know that this class is more qualitative than other
economics courses.
AS.180.390.01
Health Economics & Developing Countries
Mark Gersovitz
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
109
ECONOMICS
AS.180.391.01
Economics of China
Mark Gersovitz
Overall quality of the class: 3.17
Summary:
Students enjoyed the independent course structure and opportunities for one-on-one attention from
the instructor. Students felt the workload was intense and the professor had a tendency to veer of
topic. Suggestions for improvement included having smaller portions of the paper due throughout the
semester, providing opportunities for peer editing, and scheduling more course meetings. Prospective
students should be self-motivated and prepare for an independent study based course. The course
grade is determined by one 40 page economics paper.
110
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.520.142.01
Digital Systems Fundamentals
Gerard Meyer
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the manageable workload, the humorous and engaging
professor, and the assignments that reinforced the concepts learned and served as practice for exams.
Students felt that the course was not intellectually rigorous and that the pace was very slow. Little
feedback was provided on graded assignments. Suggestions for improvement included having more
specific feedback on assignments, adding more challenging material, including more secondary
resources to enhance the course, and having more sample questions to study from. Prospective
students should be aware that no additional background is necessary, and that students are encouraged
to attend all lectures to fully benefit.
EN.520.212.02
ECE Engineering Team Project (Freshmen and Sophomores)
Ralph Etienne Cummings
Overall quality of the class: 3.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.214.01-02
Signals & Systems I
A Brinton Cooper
Overall quality of the class: 2.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the helpful TA run sections and the fair exams which were
reflective of the homework. Students felt that the instructor's method of teaching was ineffective and
111
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
that lectures were dry and difficult to understand. Suggestions for improvement included making
lecture notes more explanatory and not mere copies from the text, working out practice questions
during lecture, increasing the curve, and allowing more time after class to complete homework.
Prospective students are encouraged to read the textbook and dedicate time outside of class to
understanding topics. Students should be prepared for a challenging course and be comfortable with
calculus.
EN.520.216.01
Introduction to VLSI
Andreas Andreou
Overall quality of the class: 2.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the skills gained concerning circuit design, the hands-on
experience with software, the manageable workload, and interesting assignments. Many students felt
that the course was disorganized with unclear expectations and no clear focus. Suggestions for
improvement included replacing the assigned text, having the professor write homework questions
relevant to the coursework, and organizing the class so that expectations and assignments are clear.
Prospective students should be aware that a significant amount of self-teaching outside of class is
necessary to understand concepts.
EN.520.220.01
Fields, Matter, and Waves
Mark Foster
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting, engaging lectures given by the knowledgeable and accessible
instructor. Many students praised the professor for being able to make difficult concepts easy to
understand. Students felt that there was not sufficient feedback given on graded assignments and that
the theoretical concepts were difficult to understand. Suggestions for improvement included working
out more problems in class and having more graded assignments for students to track progress and gain
feedback. Prospective students are encouraged to attend lecture as there are few secondary resources
provided.
EN.520.222.01
Computer Architecture
Robert Jenkins
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.353.01
Control Systems
Pablo Iglesias
112
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the knowledgeable and personable professor who gave clear
explanations and tailored assignments to enforce concepts learned. Students felt that the course was
difficult and math intensive. Suggestions for improvement included having homework questions reflect
the exam, posting lecture notes on Blackboard, providing real world examples related to concepts, hiring
a TA for the course, and working through more problem sets in class. Prospective students should be
prepared for a challenging course and be comfortable with linear algebra, differential equations, and
signals and systems. Prospective students are encouraged to attend lecture, seek help when needed,
and solve many practice problems outside of class.
EN.520.372.01
Programmable Device Lab
Robert Glaser
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to learn the fundamentals of digital logic and to
gain strong foundational skills. Students found lab reports to be time consuming and tedious. Lectures
were hard to follow and understand and expectations were unclear as there was no rubric for
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included having a working rubric for lab reports.
Prospective students should be prepared to dedicate a significant amount of time to lab reports.
Prospective students are encouraged to take this course to apply theory, gain a solid foundation in
programmable devices, and improve programming skills through logic exercises.
EN.520.402.01
Digital Communications
Frederic Davidson
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting, instructional labs and the approachable, fair
instructor. Students found the course to be fast paced and difficult. Suggestions for improvement
included slowing down the pace of the course by splitting it into a year instead of one semester.
Students also suggested having lab procedures rewritten for clarity and having practice problems
available to study for exams. Prospective students should be prepared for a math intensive course and
be familiar with probability and signs and systems concepts. This course is challenging and reading the
assigned text would be beneficial.
EN.520.415.01
Image Process and Analysis II
John Goutsias
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
113
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
This class has 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.433.01
Medical Image Analysis
Jerry Prince
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the ability to apply theoretical concepts directly and work with
image analysis software. Students also appreciated the comprehensive presentation of information.
Students felt that the workload was heavy and some material was difficult to keep up with and
understand. Suggestions for improvement included having weekly sections for students to ask
questions, providing more background on algorithms introduced in lecture, and introducing a variety of
algorithms in lecture material. Prospective students should have a strong background in calculus,
statistics, and probability. Students interested in medical image processing are encouraged to take this
course and should be prepared for the steady workload.
EN.520.434.01
Modern Biomedical Imaging Instrumentation and Techniques
Benjamin Tsui
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class has 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.448.01-02
Electronics Design Lab
Ralph Etienne Cummings
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to choose and design a project independently.
Students felt that the course was unstructured and that the expectations were not clear due to limited
guidance. The professor did not attend scheduled lectures leaving students to self-teach concepts.
Suggestions for improvement included having an instructor that was accessible and more invested,
holding consistent class lectures, having periodic deadlines to ensure progress, and providing
opportunities to learn electronic design skills. Prospective students should be aware that project topics
and design should be heavily electronics and electrical engineering based. Students should also be self-
motivated and prepared to learn independently.
EN.520.450.01
Advanced Micro-Processor Lab
Robert Glaser
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
114
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Summary:
Students enjoyed the topics introduced by the knowledgeable professor and the hands on experience
that was applicable to solving real world tasks. Students felt that the assignments were time consuming
and difficult at times. Some students felt that the course was scheduled too early in the morning and
the course technology was outdated. Suggestions for improvement included scheduling class later in
the day, having more opportunities to meet with the professor and TAs, and using updated technology
on projects. Prospective students should be prepared for a challenging course with a significant work
load.
EN.520.453.02
Advanced ECE Engineering Team Project
Ralph Etienne Cummings
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to choose a team and design projects
independently. Students felt that the course was unstructured and the expectations were not clear due
to limited guidance. It took a significant amount of time for ordered materials to come in which delayed
project progress. Suggestions for improvement included having an instructor that was more accessible,
having scheduled meetings with each group once a week, limiting group size for projects, and instituting
a faster process to order project materials. Prospective students should be self-starters and willing to
work independently.
EN.520.482.01
Introduction to Lasers
Jacob Khurgin
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
This class has 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.483.01
Bio-Photonics Laboratory
Israel Gannot, Sathappan Ramesh
Overall quality of the class: 2.54
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interesting course topics, the hands on labs, and the
manageable workload. Students felt that the course had little structure and that assignment
expectations were unclear. The professor was hard to understand and not enough time was given for
assignments to be completed. Suggestions for improvement included having more opportunities for
feedback via graded assignments and providing students with a comprehensive syllabus at the beginning
of the course. Prospective students should have a background in optics and be familiar with CAD.
Prospective students should also start final projects as soon as possible.
115
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.485.01
Advanced Semiconductor Devices
Jacob Khurgin
Overall quality of the class: 3.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the thorough teaching on semiconductors. Students
appreciated that the homework and exams resembled the material covered in the book. Students felt
that the lengthy lectures were difficult to understand and noted that the midterm was over spring
break. Suggestions for improvement included demonstrating example problems on the board during
lecture and implementing a more organized and comprehensive lecture style. Prospective students
interested in the physics of electronics are encouraged to take this course and should be prepared for a
significant amount of independent study.
EN.520.492.01
Mixed-Mode VLSI Systems
Philippe Pouliquen
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class has 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.499.04
Senior Design Project
Andreas Andreou
Overall quality of the class: 2.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to work independently and the manageable
workload. Students appreciated the freedom that the professor gave to students to pursue their
projects. Students felt that the course was unstructured and that there was little guidance regarding
assignments and expectations. The professor was frequently late and cancelled classes at the last
minute. Suggestions for improvement included having a more organized class with clear learning
objectives and expectations. Prospective students should be able to work independently and be flexible
with project plans as they may change mid-project.
EN.520.624.01
Integrated Photonics
Amy Foster
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.627.01
Photovoltaics and Energy Devices
116
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Susanna Thon
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the thorough introduction to photovoltaics and the
knowledgeable instructor who taught well organized and clear lectures. Students remarked that the
course notes are very clear and comprehensible, and appreciated the balance of theory and application.
Some students felt that the assigned problem sets were challenging and time consuming. Suggestions
for improvement included having a lab paired with the course and adding more supplemental and
updated information. Prospective students should be proficient in MATLAB and familiar with
semiconductor physics.
EN.520.648.01
Compressed Sensing and Sparse Recovery
Trac Duy Tran
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.652.01
Filtering and Smoothing
Howard Weinert
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.666.01
Information Extraction
Sanjeev Khudanpur
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.702.01
Current Topics in Language and Speech Processing
Sanjeev Khudanpur
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.738.01
Advanced Electronic Lab Design
Ralph Etienne Cummings
117
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
118
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.662.620.01
Professional Presentations
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects included the relatable and effective professor, the 1-on-1 feedback sessions, and the
obvious student progress made throughout the semester. Many students agreed that the method of
working on different iterations of the same speech was an effective approach, and that the professor's
guidance was very helpful. Some students felt the semester course was too short and would have
benefited from a full semester of work. Suggestions for improvement included having opportunities for
individual presentations. Prospective students should be prepared for a significant amount of speech
preparation every week and the opportunity to improve public speaking and presentation skills.
EN.662.650.01
Marketing Communications
Robert Graham
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the passionate and enthusiastic professor, the conversational
approach to class, and the topical examples utilized. Many students agreed that the assignments for the
course were all interesting and informative. Some students, however, claimed that there were too
many memo assignments which ultimately became a distraction. Suggestions for improvement included
using more examples and case studies from the engineering industry. Prospective students should be
prepared for a heavy course load, and should keep in mind that no background in marketing is
necessary.
119
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
ENGLISH DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.060.100.01
Introduction to Expository Writing
William Evans
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.100.02-03
Introduction to Expository Writing
Anne-Elizabeth Brodsky
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best part of this course was that students were allowed to make multiple revisions of their papers in
order to increase the final grade. Many students felt the workload was more than expected and some
students found it aggravating to have assignments due on days they did not have class. This course
could be improved by having more in class discussions and more opportunities for feedback on drafts.
Prospective students looking to improve writing skills will find this course beneficial.
AS.060.107.01
Introduction to Literary Study
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was its interesting way of analyzing literature. Students learned to look
deeper into the works they were studying. Some students felt that expectations were not clearly
dictated and the reading load was inconsistent from week to week. This course could be improved by
having smaller class sizes, and a grading rubric with clearly outlined expectations for writing
assignments. Prospective students will benefit from having a background in humanities or the social
sciences.
120
ENGLISH
AS.060.114.01
Expository Writing
Jonathan Brandau
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.114.02
Expository Writing
Elizabeth Campbell
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best part of this course was the interesting, open, and engaging class discussion. This course
allowed all students the opportunity to share their perspectives and opinions. Some students found
grading to be subjective as there was no grading rubric. This course could have been improved by
offering longer conference sessions and focusing more on the advertised topic of gladiators.
Prospective students are encouraged to stay on top of assignments and put forth a good effort in order
to benefit from the course.
AS.060.114.03
Expository Writing
Robert Webber
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was Professor Webber's use of various mediums in teaching which forced
students to explore how to write in a number of different styles. Some students found this course
disorganized and felt as though there was not enough information on how to improve writing skills
during lecture. This course could be improved by offering more time for peer edits. Prospective
students should know this class requires you to write four papers.
AS.060.114.04
Expository Writing
Robert Day
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best part of this course was the stimulating and effective teaching method. Students found the
conferences to be useful and the class discussions were helpful in forming compelling arguments. Some
students found the readings to be dull. This course could be improved by incorporating more
interesting readings, encouraging more participation from students during discussion, and having a
121
ENGLISH
more structured syllabus. Prospective students should know that a significant amount of writing and
editing is required.
AS.060.114.06
Expository Writing
Pavle Stojanovic
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best part of this class was being able to think critically and write about theories in biological
diversity and the origin of intelligent life. Some students felt it took an excessive amount of time to get
graded work back. This course could be improved by offering students more writing prompts for their
first three assignments and having more time to discuss topics in the assigned readings. Prospective
students should know that this course does not require any background knowledge.
AS.060.114.07
Expository Writing
Marie O'Connor
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best part of this class was the professor's ability to engage all students in the classroom and the
helpful feedback gained during workshops. Some students felt that there was too much lecturing and
not enough discussion. Written assignments should have been more evenly spaced throughout the
semester. This class could be improved by having more engaging discussions. Prospective students are
expected to come to class prepared with assigned readings completed.
AS.060.114.09
Expository Writing
Andrew Sisson
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best part of this course was being able to analyze Hitchcock films. Students felt grading was
subjective as there was no rubric and lectures were boring at times. This course could be improved by
having more peer-to-peer conferences, spending more time to discuss movie elements, and providing
students with a clear grading rubric. Prospective students should know they do not need a background
in film to do well in this course.
AS.060.114.10
Expository Writing
Douglas Tye
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
122
ENGLISH
Summary:
The best part about this course was the interesting assigned reading material and enjoyable course
discussions. Some students found certain sources to be long and hard to understand. This course could
be improved by incorporating more graded material, and teaching students how to read different types
of writing. Students also suggested finding ways to increase class participation during discussion.
Prospective students should know that this course was writing intensive and the grade was determined
by four essays.
AS.060.114.11
Expository Writing
Matthew Flaherty
Overall quality of the class: 3.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the helpful feedback during teacher conferences, the opportunity
to learn how to write a philosophical paper, and the small class size that allowed for interesting
discussions. Some students found this course to be time consuming and the grading harsh. This course
could be improved by incorporating a clear grading rubric and assigning more readings on biological
enhancements. Prospective students should be prepared to participate in class discussion and work
through some challenging ideas.
AS.060.114.12
Expository Writing
William Miller
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best part of this course was the professor who was generally available to help students. Some felt
that peer conferences were not always beneficial and there was not enough time to complete
assignments. This course could be improved by incorporating smaller assignments into the syllabus,
leading more guided class discussions, and having clearer instructions for assignments. Prospective
students should be prepared for a heavy course load and be able to put in the time to improve writing
skills.
AS.060.114.13
Expository Writing
Maria Libina
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students enjoyed the opportunity to discuss art, visit the BMA, and gain feedback on written
assignments. Students felt that assignment dues dates were too close to each other and there was not
enough time for revisions. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating more culturally diverse
art to discuss, providing students with more than one conference during the semester, and spreading
123
ENGLISH
out submission timelines for essay assignments. Prospective students interested in art history should be
prepared to devote a significant amount of time to the writing and editing process.
AS.060.114.14
Expository Writing
Donald Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best part of this class was the opportunity to gain feedback from the instructor during individual
conferences. Some students felt this class had too many time consuming assignments and the amount
of course material that had to be printed was excessive. This course could be improved by offering
students more freedom in writing assignments and providing more opportunities for students to meet
with the professor during office hours. Prospective students should be aware of all due dates and seek
out resources, such as the writing den, for help.
AS.060.114.15
Expository Writing
John Hoffmann
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professor's passion for the subject. Some students felt the
grading was harsh and the instructor's expectations were set too high for a 100 level course. This course
could be improved by having more class discussion, focusing on fewer assignments, and providing
students with clearer grading criteria. Prospective students interested in history and war literature
should be prepared for a significant workload.
AS.060.114.16
Expository Writing
Johannes Schade
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course was the fun, interesting discussions and the opportunity for students to
watch westerns. Some students felt course discussion was poor and only a handful of students
participated. This course could be improved by offering more peer review of essays, watching movies
during class, and providing longer conference times. Prospective students should stay on top of all
assignments and be interested in film analysis.
AS.060.114.17-18
Expository Writing
Aliza Watters
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
124
ENGLISH
Summary:
The best part of this course was the attentive and insightful instructor. Course readings were interesting
and intellectually challenging. Some students found grading criteria to be ambiguous and harsh. This
course could be improved by lecturing more on writing skills, having more lenient and specific grading
criteria, and focusing more on elevator pitches and oral presentations. Prospective students should
know that this course is difficult and time consuming, yet writing skills will improve.
AS.060.114.20
Expository Writing
Nicholas Bujak
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
Students found the readings to be thought provoking and interesting. This course challenged students
to develop their writing skills. Some students felt they did not receive enough feedback on their writing
and class discussion was boring at times. This course could be improved by providing students with
opportunities to gage progress throughout the semester and finding ways to have more engaging class
discussions. Prospective students should know this class is time consuming and should be prepared to
devote a significant amount of time to the writing and editing process.
AS.060.114.21
Expository Writing
Erica Tempesta
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best part of this course was the small class size and interesting course material. Some students
found the grading to be overly strict and harsh. This course could be improved by spending more class
time discussing major themes of assigned works, and having an equal amount of time to complete all
assignments. Prospective students will find the course writing intensive and should allocate enough
time to dedicate to the writing and editing process.
AS.060.139.01
Expository Writing: The Narrative Essay
Patricia Kain
Overall quality of the class: 4.90
Summary:
The best part of this course was the professor's dedication to ensuring that students did well in the
course. Some students felt having conferences again near the end of the semester would have been
beneficial to get feedback on the final essay. This course could be improved by having more
supplemental resources posted on blackboard and more evenly distributed assignments throughout the
semester. Prospective students should know that this class will challenge and develop students as
writers.
125
ENGLISH
AS.060.171.01
Russian Classics & Their Afterlives
Jeanne-Marie Jackson
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
Students enjoyed the engaging discussions and interesting class materials. Many students found the
reading load to be demanding and hard to keep up with. This course could be improved by providing
students with more feedback on their writing and posting suggested reading schedules in order for
students to keep up with assigned readings. Prospective students should participate in class discussion
and attend all lectures in order to do well.
AS.060.207.01-04
Shakespeare
Andrew Daniel, Jared Hickman
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
Professors Hickman and Daniel made Shakespeare approachable and exciting to even the toughest
critics, through enthusiastic and engaging instruction. Students appreciated the broad exposure they
gained to Shakespeare's work, as well as the variety of genres and perspectives used to analyze the
works. Some students felt that the enthusiasm occasionally led to the professors talking so fast they
were hard to keep up with. A way to improve this class would be to cut down the amount of reading
assigned and spend more time on each text. Prospective students should know that they will be
required to read one Shakespeare play a week.
AS.060.219.01-02
American Literature to 1865
Jared Hickman
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
Professor Hickman's passionate and approachable demeanor, as well as his thought-provoking lectures
were what students most enjoyed about this class. Students appreciated the variety of readings and
authors covered, as well as the provided introduction to the foundations of American literature. Many
agreed that the assigned readings could be a lot to handle from week to week. This class would have
benefited from having less assigned reading, and the inclusion of different genres of literature (such as
poetry). Prospective students should know that this class is worth taking if interested in early American
literature.
AS.060.265.01-03
Nineteenth Century British Novel
Jesse Rosenthal
126
ENGLISH
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
Students found Professor Rosenthal's ability to relate Nineteenth Century British literature to modern
America the most enjoyable aspect of this course. Students enjoyed the assigned readings, and found
the lectures and notes to be helpful and well organized. Many students felt that they were assigned an
exorbitant amount of reading, which was often difficult to keep up with over the semester. This class
would have benefited from giving students more time to finish longer books and incorporating monthly
essays over weekly quizzes. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy reading load, and
weekly quizzes to evaluate the completion of reading assignments.
AS.060.332.01
Jewish American Fiction
Eric Sundquist
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.338.01
Literary Scenes
Amanda Zecca
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The most enjoyable aspects of the class were the enthusiastic professor and the assigned readings.
Students appreciated the variety of readings from diverse sources, as well as the lively discussions that
emerged around them. Some students were frustrated they were unable to cover all of the assigned
readings during class, and that the class seemed rushed generally. This course could be improved by
having a more structured syllabus and classroom environment, so more material can be covered.
Prospective students should know that this course while having a heavy reading load, is extremely
interesting.
AS.060.339.01
Lunatics, Lovers, Poets: Obsessive Minds in Romantic and Victorian Verse
Jennie Hann
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were Professor Hann's passion and energy on the subject, and the
interactive nature of the class. Students enjoyed the poetry readings, and found that the supplementary
secondary readings were both helpful and fascinating. While feedback was helpful, some students felt
they suffered by not having more graded assignments throughout the semester. A way to improve this
course would be to have clear grading rubrics for all written assignments, and to have more
opportunities for grades and feedback. Prospective students should have strong writing skills.
127
ENGLISH
AS.060.348.01
Virginia Woolf and Bloomsbury
Douglas Mao
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the small setting and engaging classroom discussions. Many
students agreed that the professor was very engaging and intelligent, eager to help students learn, and
receptive to students' thoughts. Some students claimed that the weekly reading was excessive, and felt
that they did not receive enough feedback on their weekly email assignments. Some students suggested
having class twice a week. Prospective students should be aware that the workload is high even for an
upper-level seminar, and that reading and writing abilities will be put to the test.
AS.060.356.01
Gordimer and Coetzee: Politics and Form
Jeanne- Marie Jackson
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
Professor Jackson's enthusiasm for the subject matter and ability to create fluid and engaging
discussions were the best part of the course. Students enjoyed the required readings, as well as the
focus on two authors' writing from the same context. A way to improve this course would be to cut
down on the amount of readings and spend more time focusing on the books being discussed. Several
students also claimed that starting the final paper writing process earlier would have been beneficial.
Prospective students do not need a background in South African history to do well in the class, and
should read to prepare for lively discussions.
AS.060.364.01
Utopias
Douglas Mao
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
Students' favorite aspect of this class was the group work prior to class discussions, a time they could
use to get a better grasp on their readings. Students appreciated the professor's ability to guide
discussions, his helpful feedback on assignments, and his guidance during the writing process. Some
students found that the workload was very heavy, and that the material was tedious at times. A way to
improve this class would be to have more diverse authors, and to reduce the number of books covered
during the semester. Prospective students should know that the assigned readings are often interesting,
and off the beaten path.
AS.060.368.01
Aesthetic Play in the Contemporary Global Novel
Noor Hashem
128
ENGLISH
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the fact it had in-class exercises and writing prompts that challenged
student creativity. Students praised the professor's ability to guide in-class discussion, and her selection
of course materials that deviated from the literary canon to include more diverse authors. While
feedback was thorough and helpful, students felt that papers were not given back in a timely manner.
Some students also felt overwhelmed by the lack of essay prompts. Prospective students are highly
encouraged to sign up for this engaging and rewarding class.
AS.060.381.01
2500 Years of Tragicomedy
Andrew Daniel
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was Professor Daniel's teaching style which made class time enjoyable.
Students praised his ability to enhance understanding of texts through literary analysis, history, and
philosophy, as well as his ability to encourage all students to participate in discussion. Some students
felt the reading assignments were overly ambitious at times. Suggestions for improvement included
providing more supplemental texts for the works being read in class, and providing the essay prompts
earlier. Prospective students should know that participation is a significant portion of the final grade,
and that the professor has high but rewarding expectations.
AS.060.388.01
Old World/New World Women
Sharon Achinstein
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
Professor Achinstein's interactive and supportive atmospheres were the best parts of this class.
Students appreciated the thoughtful conversations that arose in class as well as the thorough and
helpful feedback that they received on assignments. Several students agreed that they did not find the
in-class debates to be fruitful or the best way to approach the material. Suggestions for improvement
included providing more secondary texts for critical or historical perspective. Prospective students
should know class attendance and participation are essential for doing well in this course.
129
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
ENTREPRENUERSHIP & MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.660.104.01
Exploring Leadership: For Hopkins Students Who Want to Make a Difference
William Smedick
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting class discussions, the opportunity to learn about
leadership theory, and the professor's enthusiasm. Students appreciated the interactive nature of the
class as well as the guest lecturers. Some students felt that the lecture PowerPoints were long and
repetitive. Many students would have preferred the course to be longer than eight weeks. Suggestions
for improvement included having more opportunities to visit campus departments and organizations.
This class was highly recommended and prospective students are encouraged to take this interesting
course with the listed instructor.
EN.660.105.01-05; 09-10
Introduction to Business
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the helpful TAs and knowledgeable, engaging professor who
presented interesting course material and enforced concepts with practical assignments. Students felt
that the workload was overwhelming and filled by busy work, and that the exams were difficult.
Suggestions for improvement included having midterms not heavily based on lecture slides but more
representative of lecture topics, emphasizing the "big picture" on lecture notes instead of details, and
decreasing the amount of assigned readings and quizzes. Prospective students should be prepared for a
writing intensive and information dense course with a heavy workload. Prospective students are
encouraged to read all assigned articles, begin projects early, and create an exam study sheet.
EN.660.105.07-08
Introduction to Business
130
ENTREPRENUERSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Illysa Izenberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the helpful TAs and knowledgeable, engaging professor who
reinforced course material through real world examples. Students felt that the workload was
overwhelming and the exams were difficult. Students also felt that the lecture slides had an excessive
amount of detail and information. Suggestions for improvement included basing exams more on lecture
topics than the lecture slides, emphasizing the "big picture" on lecture notes instead of details, and
having fewer assignments. Prospective students should be prepared for a writing intensive and
information dense course with a heavy workload. Prospective students are encouraged to read all
assigned articles, begin projects early, and create an exam study sheet.
EN.660.105.11-12
Introduction to Business
Mary Furst
Overall quality of the class: 3.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the helpful TAs and the engaging professor who provided students
with a solid introduction to business and related concepts to relevant life examples. Students felts that
the workload was overwhelming and filled by busywork, and that the exams were difficult. Suggestions
for improvement included making midterms more representative of lecture topics, emphasizing the "big
picture" on lecture notes instead of details, and having fewer assigned readings and quizzes.
Prospective students should be prepared for a writing intensive and information dense course with a
heavy workload. Prospective students are encouraged to read all assigned articles, begin projects early,
and create an exam study sheet.
EN.660.203.01
Financial Accounting
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the helpful TA who gave comprehensive exam review sessions
and the dynamic professor who was knowledgeable and engaging. Students felt that there was a steep
learning curve and that the course was difficult overall. Homework was tedious and there were
assignments due every class period. Suggestions for improvement included solving practice problems
on the board, slowing down the pace of the course in order to better explain concepts, and having more
opportunities for feedback on cases. Prospective students interested in accounting and business are
encouraged to take this course. Students should attend all lectures as attendance is important to
understanding concepts and the instructor gives pop quizzes.
EN.660.203.02-03
Financial Accounting
131
ENTREPRENUERSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Students enjoyed the real world applications presented by the engaging instructor and found her
teaching style of writing concepts on the board very effective. Students felt that there were not enough
opportunities to get feedback and help throughout the course. Some students felt that the lectures
were very long and that memorizing formulas for exams was overwhelming. Suggestions for
improvement included making class notes available on Blackboard, having fewer quizzes and spreading
the workload more evenly throughout the semester, allowing formula sheets to be used during exams,
and hosting review sessions. Prospective students are encouraged to attend class, practice problem sets
outside of class, and read the assigned textbook.
EN.660.203.04-05
Financial Accounting
Sean Furlong
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the responsive and knowledgeable instructor, manageable
workload, and the development of applicable financial skills. Some students felt that the course load
was overwhelming, and that material was boring and difficult to understand at times. Students would
have preferred to keep past exams in order to study from for new exams. Suggestions for improvement
included assigning practice problems as homework, giving more detailed feedback on quizzes and
exams, and having fewer quizzes and more explanations on concepts. Prospective students will gain a
good foundation for understanding accounting. Students should be aware that this course is fair but
challenging and should stay on top of all assignments and readings.
EN.660.250.01; 06
Principles of Marketing
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interactive format of class lectures, the opportunity to gain a
solid understanding of marketing tactics, and the professor's ability to pull from professional
experiences in order to explain concepts. Some students found the coursework to be overwhelming and
tedious. There were reading quizzes every class period and the midterm was very specific and difficult.
Suggestions for improvement included spacing out the assignments more evenly over the semester,
having fewer reading quizzes, creating tests that reflected overall concepts discussed in class, and
viewing more updated marketing videos. Prospective students should do the readings in order to
contribute to class discussion and perform well on the daily in-class quizzes.
EN.660.250.02
Principles of Marketing
132
ENTREPRENUERSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
Students enjoyed the real world applications presented by the engaging professor and the clearly
organized structure of the course. Students felt that the workload for the course was heavy and
consisted of busy work. Assignments were overwhelming at times as several assignments were due on
the same day throughout the semester. The end of the semester workload increased significantly with a
cumulative final exam, final paper, and final presentation. Suggestions for improvement included
spreading out due dates and decreasing the workload, especially at the end of the semester.
Prospective students interested in marketing are encouraged to read the textbook and be prepared to
work in groups.
EN.660.250.03
Principles of Marketing
Marci DeVries
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
Students enjoyed the real-world applications presented by the engaging professor and reinforced by in
class activities. Students felt that the workload for the course was heavy and consisted of busy work.
Some students also felt that the assigned readings were too long and the daily reading quizzes were too
specific and difficult. Suggestions for improvement included decreasing the number of reading quizzes,
hosting more guest speakers, and decreasing the amount of group work in order to have more lecture
time. Prospective students interested in marketing are encouraged to read the textbook and be
prepared to work in groups.
EN.660.250.04
Principles of Marketing
Theresa Jones
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interactive and enthusiastic lecture style of the instructor and the incorporation of
real world applications. Students appreciated the professor's efficient and effective use of class time.
Some students felt the reading quizzes were poor evaluations of student's understanding of the reading
and feedback from the professor was not given in a timely manner. Suggestions for improvement
included decreasing the number of in class quizzes and having clearer guidelines for the final paper and
presentation. Prospective students should be prepared to participate often in class discussion and
complete all assigned readings.
EN.660.250.005
Principles of Marketing
Kimberly Manns
133
ENTREPRENUERSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting guest speakers and the open, interactive class
discussion. Students reported that the weekly quizzes were predictable and fair. Students felt that the
course time period was too long and the material was not intellectually challenging. Suggestions for
improvement included decreasing the number of quizzes, having a clear rubric for all assignments, and
creating exams that more closely reflect the concepts discussed in lecture. Prospective students
interested in marketing should be prepared for the significant workload and are encouraged to attend
all lectures and to use the textbook as a resource.
EN.660.300.01
Managerial Finance
Marcus Priolo
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the application of finance skills to advanced Excel functions.
Students felt that the class lectures were dry, too long, and not interactive. Students also felt that class
time was not effective as it followed the textbook point by point. Suggestions for improvement included
applying concepts to problems in lecture, having more graded opportunities to gage student progress,
and having the instructor provide more in depth information and explanations not found within the
textbook. Prospective students are encouraged to review financial accounting concepts and
independently work practice problems as often as possible.
EN.660.303.01
Managerial Accounting
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging and productive lectures, relevant coursework, and
the fair, experienced instructor. Students felt that the course time period was too long, problem sets
were difficult, and lectures were sometimes boring. Suggestions for improvement included having
consistent assignments to practice concepts, more opportunities to review material with the TA, and
more group projects. Prospective students will find the coursework challenging and are encouraged to
attend class and complete all assigned problem sets even if they are optional. A background in financial
accounting would be beneficial.
EN.660.308.01
Business Law I
David Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 4.03
Summary:
134
ENTREPRENUERSHIP & MANAGEMENT
The best aspects of the class included the overall organization, the good overview of law topics
introduced, and the real-life examples provided by the engaging and enthusiastic instructor. Students
felt that the course time period was too long, exam questions were difficult and lectures were
sometimes hard to pay attention to. Exams were weighted heavily as there were not many other
graded assignments. Suggestions for improvement included having class more frequently during the
week for shorter blocks of time, adding more interactive elements to lecture, and supplying students
with course lecture notes. Prospective students will find this course's workload manageable and are
encouraged to take good notes during all lectures.
EN.660.308.02
Business Law I
William Rakes
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the instructors who supplemented course material with
personal law experience and encouraged class participation during engaging lectures. Students felt that
the course was scheduled for too long and too late at night. Assigned readings were long and course
material was boring at times. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating more interactive
elements into lecture, increasing the number of assignments in order to practice concepts, and having
visual aids such as slides or notes for each lecture. Prospective students are encouraged to read
assigned material and take good notes in order to prepare for class discussion.
EN.660.310.01
Case Studies in Business Ethics
Mark Franceschini
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
Students enjoyed the manageable workload, intellectually stimulating class discussions, interesting
guest lecturers, and accessible instructor and TA. Students remarked that the professor created an
atmosphere where students felt comfortable sharing their opinions. Students felt that the final project
was difficult to coordinate with six group members and that feedback on assignments was not helpful as
the comments were difficult to read. Suggestions for improvement included having smaller group sizes
for final projects and clearer feedback and guidelines for assignments. This discussion based course was
highly recommended for prospective students interested in business.
EN.660.311.01
Law and the Internet
Douglas Sandhaus
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
Students enjoyed the stimulating class discussions, the real world case studies, and the knowledgeable
and passionate instructor. Students felt that the midterm did not reflect information addressed in
135
ENTREPRENUERSHIP & MANAGEMENT
lecture and topics covered in class were not always relevant. Suggestions for improvement included
having more homework assignments to enforce concepts learned in lecture and spending class time to
review case studies and cover all exam relevant material. Prospective students are encouraged to read
the book and cases in order to better understand lecture and participate in discussion. Additionally,
many exam questions are based on information covered exclusively in the book.
EN.660.332.01-02
Leadership Theory
William Smedick
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interactive class discussions, the invested and engaging
instructor, and the thorough evaluation of course material. Students appreciated the clearly outlined
expectations and overall organization of the course. Students found that the due dates for assignments
were unclear, and that the workload at the end of the semester was overwhelming. Suggestions for
improvement included having either a final project or exam instead of both, adding more real world
applications, and providing a syllabus with clearly outlined due dates. Prospective students will find this
course enjoyable and the grading fair. Students should be prepared for a writing intensive course and
come to class ready to participate.
EN.660.333.01
Leading Change
William Smedick
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
Students enjoyed the opportunity to openly discuss current events relevant to course work, the invested
and accessible TA and professor, and the small class size and comfortable environment. Students found
the amount of writing assignments to be overwhelming and the class disorganized at times. Suggestions
for improvement included introducing the final project earlier in the semester and decreasing the
number of interviewing assignments. Prospective students will find this course enjoyable and the
grading fair. Students should be prepared for a writing intensive course and come to class prepared to
participate.
EN.660.340.01
Principles of Management
Illysa Izenberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the engaging and accommodating professor who taught workplace-
relevant skills and practical concepts in an open and interactive environment. Students found the
weekly memos to be repetitive and the course time period too long. Suggestions for improvement
included having the course meet more than once a week for shorter time periods, creating the
136
ENTREPRENUERSHIP & MANAGEMENT
opportunity for students to change learning groups during the semester, and reducing the number of
quizzes and memo assignments. Prospective students should be aware that participation is a large
portion of the course grade and that there is a significant amount of reading and group work.
EN.660.341.01
Business Process and Quality Management
Joshua Reiter
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the group project, the engaging lecture material, and the
experienced, knowledgeable instructor. Students felt that the course content was presented without
depth and the cases were difficult to apply to analysis tools. Feedback seemed to be arbitrary and some
students felt that the grading was harsh. Suggestions for improvement included having class more often
for shorter time periods, more updated cases, clearer expectations for assignments, and world-relevant
articles to tie in class concepts. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy workload and are
encouraged to seek assistance from the TA and instructor if needed.
EN.660.352.01
New Product Development
Michael Agronin
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the manageable workload, the unique and interesting material,
and the opportunity to create a product. Students appreciated the creativity that this course required,
as well as the opportunity to work in a team setting. Students felt that the class period was excessively
long and lectures were difficult to pay attention to at times. Suggestions for improvement included
scheduling the class for twice a week for a shorter time period, providing more class time to work on
projects, and having more opportunities to receive feedback and discuss readings. Prospective students
should be aware that this course requires a significant amount of group work.
EN.660.361.01
Engineering Business and Management
Illysa Izenberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
Students enjoyed the practical application of skills, the engaging class discussions, and improvement of
teambuilding skills. Students felt that the participation aspect of the course was too heavily weighted,
that assignment due dates were confusing, and that there wasn't enough time to fully understand the
concepts presented. Suggestions for improvement included having participation contribute less to the
overall course grade and organizing course websites so that all information is clear and consistent.
Prospective students should be prepared to be actively involved in this highly discussion-based course
and to work in groups for a number of assignments.
137
ENTREPRENUERSHIP & MANAGEMENT
EN.660.404.01
Business Law II
David Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the dynamic, knowledgeable professor who assigned relevant,
manageable assignments and straightforward exams. Students felt that the course time period was too
long and material was dry at times. Some students also felt that the exams were too heavily weighted
and not all of the content in the syllabus was covered. Suggestions for improvement included having
the class meet more frequently during the week for shorter times, giving more graded assignments in
order to practice concepts, and having more interactive lectures that focus on topics outlined in the
syllabus. Prospective students will find that the lectures alone provide enough information to do well in
this manageable course.
EN.660.420.01
Marketing Strategy
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interactive nature of the course and the opportunity to
learn how to make strategic decisions in marketing. Students felt that the workload each week was
overwhelming and the cases used in class were outdated. Suggestions for improvement included
posting student grades on the blackboard website, providing newer updated cases to be analyzed, and
decreasing the work load for each week. Prospective students should be familiar with marketing and
communications, and are encouraged to allocate a sufficient amount of time to complete readings and
assignments in a timely manner.
EN.660.450.01
Advertising & Integrated Marketing Communication
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects in the course included the hands on marketing project of working with a client to run
an advertising campaign. Students felt the course was disorganized and quizzes were tedious. The
workload was unequally assigned depending on the student's role in the group and was overwhelming
for some. Suggestions for improvement included providing managers with information on how to
delegate assignments to their teams and opening up communication between students and the
instructor so roles and responsibilities are clear. Prospective students are encouraged to take this
course to gain valuable experience and improve career skills specific to advertising and marketing.
Prospective students should consider the demanding time commitment required for this course.
EN.660.453.01
138
ENTREPRENUERSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Social Media and Marketing
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting and engaging lectures and topics discussed in
class. Students felt that the course material was repetitive and grading was inconsistent. Students also
felt that the final exam was unnecessary due to the time consuming final project. Suggestions for
improvement included assigning a more interesting and helpful textbook and having only a final project
at the end of the semester. Prospective students will enjoy the course and should be aware that the
course requires a significant amount of reading and writing.
139
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.061.141.01
Introduction to Cinema, 1941-present
Meredith Ward
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the really interesting material and excellent movies. The instructor
was visibly passionate and engaged the class in interesting discussions. The worst aspects of the course
included the overly detailed quizzes which were graded harshly and the insufficient amount of time for
all students to share their perspective. To improve this class, students recommended putting a limit on
discussion time and having films available to watch outside of class. Prospective students should know
that the class required viewing a lot of movies and reading a lot of assigned works.
AS.061.147.01
Introduction to Latin American Cinema
Roberto Buso-garcia
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.061.150.01
Introduction to Film Production: Rediscovering Early Cinema
John Mann
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was learning how to use 16 mm cameras and shoot film. Students
appreciated the freedom that the professor gave students to experiment and make mistakes throughout
the semester. The worst aspects of the course included the minimal instruction on shooting techniques
and formal feedback. To improve the course, students suggested having more feedback from the
140
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
instructor and spending more time on editing the film instead of shooting. Prospective students should
be interested in the filming process.
AS.061.152.01
Introduction to Digital Film
Jimmy Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included getting hands-on experience with digital film and the expert
feedback from the instructor. Students agreed that the film workshops fostered a collaborative,
discussion based environment that was productive and insightful. The worst aspects of the course were
the inconsistent workload and the project being due close to final exams. Suggestions for improvement
included having a larger amount of equipment made available to students and holding class time more
than once per week at a shorter period. Prospective students should know that this course teaches the
basics of filmmaking and that the projects are rather lengthy.
AS.061.205.01
Introduction to Dramatic Writing: Film
Roberto Buso-garcia
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the instructor's knowledge and enthusiasm for the topic, as well
as his well curated movie and assignment selections. He was friendly, gave unconditional support to
students, and provided thorough feedback on assignments. At times the presentation of material felt
rushed. Suggestions for improvement included having more opportunities for discussion and increasing
the number of writing assignments. Prospective students will have the opportunity to learn and
improve writing skills in this course.
AS.061.219.01
Special Topics: Animation Workshop
Karen Yasinsky
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of the course was learning about and making animations. Student creativity was highly
encouraged which made the process enjoyable. Students would have preferred more opportunities to
create instead of watching animations being drawn by others. To improve this class, some students
recommended having more resources to demonstrate an understanding of concepts such as quizzes or
essays. Prospective students should know that a significant amount of work is required in this course.
AS.061.229.01
French New Wave
Suzanne Roos
141
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the knowledgeable professor and watching many interesting
films from the French New Wave movement. Students found that the assigned readings complemented
the films well and helped to facilitate discussion. The worst aspects of the course were that the class
sometimes felt long and occasionally discussions would lose momentum. The class would be improved
by encouraging more participation from the students or giving shorter lectures. Prospective students
should know that the instructor was highly accessible, the class was fun, and the workload was
manageable.
AS.061.245.01
Introduction to Film Theory
Meredith Ward
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the small class size which allowed for involved group discussions. The
instructor was intelligent and knowledgeable about the topic, and gave clear and illuminating lectures
on the materials. The worst aspects included the heavy workload towards the end of the course. Some
students suggested increasing weekly meeting times, but many said they enjoyed the course as it was.
Prospective students of any discipline will enjoy learning about all aspects of film.
AS.061.313.01
Story and Character Design: for the Screenplay
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the opportunity for students to learn the skills of screenwriting, and
the well-selected materials to facilitate this process. Students praised the professor for her thoughtful
feedback, her effective teaching style, and her responsiveness to questions and concerns from students.
The worst aspect of the course was the lack of participation from students. Suggestions for
improvement included supplying students with a hard copy of exercises and assignments for easy
reference throughout the semester. Prospective students should know how to write a screenplay and
be aware that the course requires a significant amount of work.
AS.061.328.01
Gangster Films
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
142
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
The best aspects of the course included the assigned movies and the detailed discussions. The
instructor gave students helpful feedback and created an environment that encouraged students to
participate. However, students claimed that it was not always clear what was expected of them with
regard to writing response papers. Students suggested improving the class by having more assignments
to improve skills and by encouraging class participation. Prospective students of all majors are
encouraged to take this course and have the opportunity to watch excellent films.
AS.061.356.01
Narrative Productions
Matthew Porterfield
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.061.374.01
Kubrick/Malick : The Poetics of Space
Linda DeLibero
Overall quality of the class: 4.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting presentations and films chosen by the instructor.
Students appreciated the readings that were assigned along with the films and found that they helped
make discussions about the films more interesting. Some students felt that course time could have
been used more effectively with lecture or class discussions instead of student presentations. Many
students expressed that there should be few improvements made. Prospective students should know
that it is recommended to have a background in film and that the course required allocating time to
watch the films.
AS.061.375.01
Surrealism and Film
Karen Yasinsky
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.061.376.01
Arts and Culture Journalism: Interactive Media, Online Publishing
Caroline Ober
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included visiting different venues throughout the city of Baltimore. These
visits make it possible for students to give reports on more interesting topics. Students appreciated the
helpful feedback that they received on articles, as well as the insightful talks given by guest lecturers.
143
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
The worst aspects of the course included the disorganized instructors and the demanding course load.
Suggestions for improvement included increasing class participation by banning electronic devices from
class and giving students more time to work on assignments. Prospective students should be prepared
to do a significant amount of work for this demanding class.
AS.061.396.01
Modern Paris on Film
Laura Mason
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.061.404.01
Advanced Dramatic Writing: Film
Roberto Buso-garcia
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the opportunity to write an entire screenplay. The professor
was extremely helpful and invested in his students' projects and provided helpful feedback along the
way. The worst aspects of the course was the fairly large workload. To improve the course, many
students suggested splitting the course into two semesters or increasing the number of credit hours
assigned to the course. Prospective students should not take the course if they are not serious about
screenwriting or already have a heavy course load that semester.
AS.061.421.01
History and Film
Laura Mason
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the lively discussion facilitated by the instructor and the
opportunity for students to think intellectually. Students appreciated the professor's ability to link
individual class topics to overarching themes, and to make difficult readings accessible to students.
Students felt overwhelmed by the amount of reading assignments and their lack of clarity. Students'
suggestions for improvement included changing a few of the films and assigning more easily understood
readings. Prospective students should know that a background in film would be helpful and that class
discussions are a large part of the course.
144
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
GENERAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.500.781.01
Preparation for University Teaching
Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
145
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.570.110.01
Introduction to Engineering for Sustainable Development
Erica Schoenberger
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the ability to think about real world problems from an
engineering perspective, the variety of lectures given throughout the course, and the thought provoking
projects. Students felt that the readings assigned each week were long and dry, and that the grading
was harsh and subjective. The overall class was disorganized. Suggestions for improvement included
having more structured and productive discussion sections, having a clear rubric with assignment
expectations, and assigning shorter readings each week. Prospective students should be prepared for
an interesting and thought provoking course. Prospective students are encouraged to keep up with all
assignments and be prepared to participate in class discussion.
EN.570.210.01
Computation/Math Modeling
Allison Reilly
Overall quality of the class: 3.74
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the effective teaching methods of the instructor, the significant
amount of time spent on coding, and the accessibility of the TA's and professor. Students felt that the
workload was heavy and homework assignments were long and unclear. Suggestions for improvement
included having more coding examples within lecture, decreasing the amount of assignments, and
having either a final project or a final exam instead of both. Prospective students should be familiar
with calculus and linear algebra. Prospective students are encouraged to seek help as soon as needed
and to use the textbook as a resource.
EN.570.239.01
Engineering Environmental Issues
146
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
A Roberts
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting content and the passionate, knowledgeable professor's instruction.
Students felt that the exams were very difficult and that the assignments were unclear and time
consuming. Suggestions for improvement included having the professor be more accessible outside of
class, having a more interactive lecture, and making class notes accessible to students via Blackboard.
Prospective students are encouraged to start the final project as early as possible, participate as much as
possible throughout the course, and be comfortable with chemistry and organic chemistry concepts.
EN.570.302.01
Water and Wastewater Treatment
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the expertise of the instructor, accessibility of class notes
online, manageable workload, and interesting subject matter. Students felt that the homework
assignments did not reflect what was learned in class and were difficult. Students also felt that having
another professor teach two classes was ineffective and confusing. Suggestions included having more
examples of practice problems during a more engaging and interactive lecture, scheduling more field
trips, and having homework reflect exams. Prospective students should have a background in chemistry
and be prepared for a significant amount of independent study to learn information.
EN.570.304.01-02
Engineering Environmental Laboratory
A Roberts
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
Students enjoyed the hands on-application of concepts and relevant lab techniques that corresponded
to and reinforced what was taught in other courses. Students felt that the lab reports were tedious and
time consuming, the professor was not accessible and dismissive, and the feedback from graded
assignments was not returned in a timely manner. Suggestions for improvement included timelier
feedback on assignments and clearer expectations for lab reports listed in the rubric. Prospective
students should be prepared to dedicate a significant amount of time to group lab reports, and be aware
of the concepts presented in the co-requisite course.
EN.570.328.01
Geography and Ecology of Plants
Edward Bouwer, Grace Brush
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
147
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
The best aspects of this course included the knowledgeable and passionate professor, the field trips, and
the manageable course load. Students appreciated the opportunity to pursue their interests through
the final project. Some students felt that the course was disorganized, and were concerned that most of
the course grade was determined by one final project. Suggestions for improvement included having
notes made available to students via Blackboard, creating graded opportunities for feedback on student
progress, and organizing more course related field trips. Prospective students interested in ecology are
encouraged to begin final projects early and participate in class discussion.
EN.570.395.01
Principles of Estuarine Environment: Chesapeake Bay
Grace Brush
Overall quality of the class: 3.31
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the knowledgeable instructor, field trips, and small class size
which fostered interesting discussion. Students felt that the course lacked organization and structure,
and that the difficult midterm was not a good reflection of what students had learned. Suggestions for
improvement included having notes made available to students via Blackboard, creating more graded
opportunities for feedback on student progress, and organizing more course related field trips.
Prospective students should be interested in course subject matter; familiarity with ecology is helpful.
EN.570.420.01
Air Pollution
Joseph Ellis
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the passionate and knowledgeable instructor, the manageable
workload, and the interesting course material. Students appreciated the professor's investment in
students' success and his willingness to answer questions. Students felt that the professor did not stay
on topic during lecture which made them difficult to follow. Suggestions for improvement included
organizing uploaded information on Blackboard, providing more practice problems, and giving clearer
guidelines for assignments. Prospective students should be comfortable with physics and chemistry.
Prospective students are encouraged to attend lecture and keep up with the assigned readings.
EN.570.421.01
Environmental Engineering Design II
Hedy Alavi, Edward Bouwer
Overall quality of the class: 2.39
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the opportunities for students to work within small groups to
develop a project, the exposure gained by working with a professional consulting firm, and the
manageable work load. Students felt that the chosen projects for the course were repetitive and group
projects were identical. There was not enough time left in the semester to focus on design work and
148
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
expectations were unclear. Suggestions for improvement included having the students directly interact
with clients, having each student group choose and work on a separate project, and condensing the
course from one year to a semester. Prospective students should take this course only if required by
major and be aware that project selection is determined by the course instructors.
EN.570.428.01
Problems in Applied Economics
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of the class: 4.94
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the practical application of concepts to real world experiences
and the engaging, knowledgeable professor. Students appreciated the freedom given to complete
assigned projects and the unique opportunities for research that the class affords. Students felt that
there was a steep learning curve and that the workload was very demanding at times. Suggestions for
improvement included having a veteran student help students adjust to the class and having more
opportunities to meet with the professor. Prospective students are encouraged to collaborate with
other students and be prepared for a rigorous course that will improve essential skills.
EN.570.441.01
Environmental Inorganic Chemistry
Alan Stone
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.446.01
Biological Process of Wastewater Treatment
Edward Bouwer
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.448.01
Physical and Chemical Processes II
Kai Loon Chen
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.449.01
Social Theory for Engineers
Erica Schoenberger
149
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting readings and intimate class size which facilitated relevant group
discussion. Students appreciated gaining perspective from other students from diverse majors.
Students felt that the readings were difficult and time consuming. Suggestions for improvement
included having shorter class periods, assigned readings with a clearer perspective, and writing
assignments due the day before so students are able to read classmates' perspectives. Prospective
students are encouraged to prepare for class discussion by thoroughly reading the assigned articles and
taking notes on questions and ideas surrounding course topics.
EN.570.452.01
Exper Meth Env Eng Chem
Alan Stone
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.470.01
Applied Econ & Finance
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intellectual challenge, real world application of concepts,
and preparation for a career in finance. Students found the model building and memo writing elements
of the course to be productive learning methods. Some students felt that the workload was intense.
Suggestions for improvement included having more time to spend on individual models and introducing
a wider variety of models. Prospective students should be interested in finance and are encouraged to
take this course to improve career technical skills and learn from financial experts.
EN.570.491.01
Hazardous Waste Engineering and Management
Hedy Alavi
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the knowledgeable and passionate professor, the course concepts
that were applicable to various fields of engineering, and the manageable work load. Students
appreciated having all of the notes provided at the beginning of the year, and found that the field trips
complimented the course material well. Students felt that lectures were too long and boring at times.
Suggestions for improvement included holding shorter classes more frequently during the week and
condensing the online class notes to only pertinent information. Prospective students are encouraged
to attend lecture in order to gain relevant course information.
150
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
EN.570.496.01
Urban and Environmental Systems
Justin Williams
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intellectual challenge, the organized discussion-based
lectures, and the assignments that reinforced the lecture material. Students were concerned about
having only a final exam significantly determine the final grade for the course. The pace of lectures was
slow at times and not very engaging. Suggestions for improvement included having more interactive
lectures, adding exams and assignments to contribute to the final grade, and providing practice
questions to prepare for the final. Prospective students should be familiar with basic linear
programming. This course was recommended by students.
EN.570.600.01
Risk Analysis II: Advanced Analytical Methods
Seth Guikema
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the manageable workload and the various new programs and
statistical methods learned. Some students found the overall structure of the course to be lacking and
the mathematical modelling to be difficult. Other students felt that the course focused too much on
theory and not enough on application. Suggestions for improvement included giving more introductory
explanations of each topic discussed and organizing the lectures better with a clear class schedule of
topics. Prospective students should have a background in statistics and programming, as well as coding
knowledge.
EN.570.606.01
Statistical Computing
Roshanak Nateghi
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.607.01
Energy Planning and Policy Modeling
Benjamin Hobbs
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.647.01
Hydrologic Transport in the Environment
151
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
Ciaran Harman
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the student lectures, engaging class discussions, and interesting
course materials. Some students felt that the studies were hard to understand which made student
presentations difficult. The instructor was often late or at times absent from the class, and there were
limited opportunities for feedback. Suggestions for improvement included having open discussion led
by the instructor, creating deadlines to work towards writing a shorter final paper, and having more
opportunities for feedback. Prospective students should have a strong background in mathematics and
be prepared to lead discussion and lecture once a semester. Students interested in hydrology are
encouraged to meet with the instructor prior to leading discussion or giving lecture.
EN.570.676.01
Stochastic Programming
Joseph Ellis
Overall Quality of the class: 3.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
152
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.210.102.01-02; 04
French Elements II
Claude Guillemard
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the fun course. Students appreciated the professor's willingness
to help individual students identify their strengths and weaknesses and find ways to address them. In-
class discussions led by the instructor helped students comprehend the information. However, the
workload was heavy and hard to keep up with and there was little opportunity for students to speak
French. To improve the class, the instructor could find innovative ways to help students understand the
language and to review the material. Prospective students should know that the class requires a lot of
work.
AS.210.102.03
French Elements II
Bruce Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor who made learning easy and consistently spoke
French during class. The professor tried to make sure the class generally grasped information before
moving on. The worst aspects were the professor's harsh grading and the disorganized class schedule.
Suggestions for improvement included having the class instructor give clearer expectations for
assignments as well as clearer due dates. Prospective students should know that there is a significant
amount of work that must be completed in order to do well in the course.
AS.210.104.01
Learner Managed French Elements II
Bruce Anderson
153
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.111.01
Spanish Elements I
Christopher Ray
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.111.02
Spanish Elements I
Christian Pack
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor who cared about the language and the students
learning it. The slow-paced and clear manner in which he taught made it easy to retain the information.
However, assignment due dates were inconsistent and the class was too structured. Suggestions for
improvement included limiting the amount of busy work and assigning work focused on improving
grammar skills. Prospective students should know that the course was manageable and a lot of time
was spent discussing culture.
AS.210.112.01
Spanish Elements II
Cathleen Carris
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included that it was taught almost entirely in Spanish and the teacher put
effort into structuring the material quite well. The worst aspects of the course were the readings which
students described as being somewhat bothersome and difficult to comprehend. Suggestions for
improvement included having the professor go at a slower pace and giving extra credit assignment
opportunities. Prospective students should be prepared to speak a lot of Spanish and a have solid
understanding of Spanish Elements I concepts.
AS.210.112.02; 04; 06
Spanish Elements II
Michelle Tracy
Overall quality of the class: 4.02
Summary:
154
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
The best aspects of this course were the small class size, the interactive nature of the course, and the
professor who was very engaging and effective. The worst aspects included too many group
assignments, the heavy workload, and the somewhat harsh grading. Suggestions for improvement
would be to spread the assignments more evenly throughout the semester and to allow students to
interact more with each other in Spanish. Students also suggested having less busy work and learning at
a slower pace. Prospective students should be prepared for a significant amount of work and should
have a solid understanding of Spanish Elements I concepts.
AS.210.112.03
Spanish Elements II
Francisco Gomez Martos
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the friendly class atmosphere which encouraged students to speak
the language. The professor had the class speak almost entirely in Spanish, which helped to improve
speaking and listening skills. Some students felt that the course moved much too quickly and levels of
student fluency were not evenly matched. Students recommended that the work be made less difficult
and that the instructor provide more feedback. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of
work and that this is not an introductory Spanish course.
AS.210.112.05
Spanish Elements II
Ian Rogers
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the instructor's passion for speaking Spanish and encouragement for
students to have discussions. Students appreciated the laid-back class atmosphere, as well as the
variety of assignments given to improve reading, writing, and speaking skills. Students did find the
online assignments to be confusing. Suggestions for improvement included having less homework and
increasing the opportunities for vocabulary review. Prospective students should know that the course
was challenging and that a background in Spanish would be helpful.
AS.210.152.01
Italian Elements II
Francesco Brenna
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the instructor's ability to relate class material to Italian culture, and
his willingness to attend to the needs of individual students. The instructor focused on grammar and
vocabulary which made the content easier to grasp. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy
workload and confusing material. Suggestions for improvement included decreasing the amount of
155
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Sentieri exercises and increasing opportunities for in-class discussion. Prospective students should be
familiar with concepts learned in Elements I.
AS.210.152.02
Italian Elements II
Beatrice Variolo
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the thorough and helpful teacher who encouraged the class to
speak the language. Students appreciated the professor's flexibility with deadlines as well as her
willingness to provide extra help to students. The worst aspects of the course were the Sentieri
exercises and the grammar summaries which were too detailed. To improve this class, students
suggested removing the Sentieri lessons and having more interactive activities in class. Prospective
students should know that the class was not very hard and that the workload was manageable.
AS.210.152.03
Italian Elements II
Troy Tower
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor who encouraged students to speak Italian in class
and focused on grammar which contributed to successful completion of assignments. Students
appreciated the variety of materials used to teach the concepts, including film and writings. Students
did not find the Sentieri exercises helpful. Suggestions for improvement included having more
opportunities for student-to-student interaction and conversations in Italian. Prospective students
should have a good foundation in Italian Elements I and be prepared to practice skills every day.
AS.210.162.01
German Elements II
Jason Yonover
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the friendly, helpful instructors who covered many basic German
elements thoroughly. The worst aspects of the course included the overwhelming workload and the
instructor's attempt for students to understand explanations of words in German. Students suggested
spreading course material throughout the semester and focusing on fewer concepts at one time.
Prospective students should know that the class was enjoyable and language skills will improve by
putting in effort.
AS.210.162.02; 04
German Elements II
Deborah Mifflin
156
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the small class size and the enthusiastic instructor who was
invested in students learning German. The worst aspects were the workload and the course rules that
changed halfway through the semester. Suggestions for improvement included decreasing the workload
and increasing opportunities for students to practice general language and speaking skills. Prospective
students should know that the class was fast paced and a significant amount of time outside of class is
required to complete assignments.
AS.210.162.03
German Elements II
Esther Edelmann
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the large amount of information learned in one semester, the
open and friendly atmosphere, and the interactive class format. Students appreciated the practical
nature of the vocabulary and grammar covered, as well as the cultural aspects of the course. The
workload was tedious and overwhelming at times. Suggestions for improvement were to have more
opportunities to review grammar and to spread out the assignments a little more throughout the
semester. Prospective students should be prepared to allocate time to study as the workload may be
larger than expected.
AS.210.172.01
Italian Elements II for Advanced Spanish Speakers
Alessandro Zannirato
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor who was engaging and taught so that the
students were able to apply the material. Students found that the professor's teaching style and the
structure of the course made it relatively easy to learn the concepts introduced. The worst aspect of the
course was the heavy workload. Suggestions for improvement included having more review and
focusing on more components of Italian culture. Prospective students should be aware that there was a
significant amount of coursework and this course requires a firm foundation in Spanish language.
AS.210.178.01
Portuguese Elements II
Flavia De Azeredo Cerqueira
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
157
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
The best aspects of this course included the invested professor who encouraged a lot of in class
discussion and interaction. Students overall enjoyed the class but felt the class period was too short and
the textbook information was overwhelming at times. Suggestions for improvement included having
more time for student interaction and class discussion. Prospective students should know that the
course is challenging, but fun. The course requires a consistent level of weekly work and knowledge of
Portuguese would be helpful.
AS.210.202.01
Intermediate French II
Marie Alhinho
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to practice speaking French. The instructor
organized the class well and taught using many techniques. The worst aspects of the course included
the instructor being somewhat impatient and the occasional moments of disconnection between her
and the students. To improve the class, students suggested the instructor answer questions in English
and use class time more effectively. Prospective students should be prepared to think and speak in
French.
AS.210.202.02
Intermediate French II
Ioana Cooper
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included assignments that helped students improve writing, reading, and
speaking skills. The instructor cared about student progress, and brought good energy and enthusiasm
to the class. The worst elements included not reviewing course material and having an overwhelming
workload. Suggestions for the class to improve included speaking French more often and having a
variety of assignments. Prospective students should know that the course is pretty straightforward as
long as assigned work is completed.
AS.210.202.03
Intermediate French II
Cecilia Benaglia
Overall quality of the class: 3.29
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the ability to get a lot of practice. The instructor incorporated a
variety of activities and tools to help the students grasp the language, including movies and a short
novel. Although the course covered grammar, the lessons did not help students grasp concepts.
Suggestions for improvement were to focus more on grammar exercises and speaking skills. Prospective
students should know that grading is fair and they should be comfortable with French before enrolling.
158
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.210.202.04
Intermediate French II
Nicole Karam
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the instructor who gave many assignments that reinforced what
was taught. The discussions were engaging and fun. The worst aspects of the course was the busy work
and excessive focus on grammar. Suggestions for improvement were having more opportunities to
speak French in class and having the instructor provide more ways to help students retain information.
Prospective students should know that this course is pretty lenient and there is a significant amount of
assignments.
AS.210.202.05-06
Intermediate French II
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the positive interactions between the instructor and the
students. The instructor used a variety of activities to teach concepts, which made the course fun. On
the other hand, the workload was heavy and there was not enough practical French. To improve the
course, the instructor could teach more about French culture and have more conversations in class.
Prospective students should have a knowledge of basic French and should know that participation is
important to succeed.
AS.210.211.01; 05
Intermediate Spanish I
Barry Weingarten
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the instructor's helpful feedback and his encouragement to speak
the language. Students appreciated that the instructor used materials outside of the textbook to teach
concepts and keep class interesting. The worst aspects of the course were the professor's frequent use
of English and the excessively fast presentation of the material. To improve the course, the instructor
should suggest ways to study for the listening portion of the exams and have the ability to identify areas
in which students need help. Prospective students should know that there are many assignments but
that the work is not difficult.
AS.210.211.02-04
Intermediate Spanish I
Julie Lirot
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
159
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor who connected well with students and the small
class size. The instructor was personable and the class topics were very interesting. The worst aspects
of the course included the MySpanishLab assignments and the overwhelming amount of homework. To
improve this course, many students suggested not using the MSL exercises. Also, the instructor should
provide more feedback and discourage students from using memorization strategies. Prospective
students should know that this course has a heavy workload, but that the professor is effective. You
should have basic Spanish grammar and vocabulary skills to do well.
AS.210.212.01; 03
Intermediate Spanish II
Sergio Ruiz-Perez
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that the professor presented the material in a way that made learning
and topics interesting. The class was fairly laid back, but extremely interactive. The worst aspects of the
course were the group work and the inconsistent workload. Suggestions for improvement included
replacing the voicethread assignments in order to have more group discussions and opportunities to
speak in class. Prospective students should be prepared to speak in class and do a fair amount of work.
AS.210.212.02; 04-05
Intermediate Spanish II
Barry Weingarten
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspects of this course was how the professor encouraged student-to-student interaction while
speaking the language. The workload was manageable. The worst aspects of the course were that
participation counted heavily toward the final grade and sometimes the class moved too slowly. To
improve this class, students recommended that the instructor allow more class discussion and spread
out assignment deadlines. Prospective students should know that it is not difficult to get a passing
grade and it is important to pay attention to deadlines listed on the syllabus.
AS.210.252.02
Intermediate Italian II
Lorenzo Bacchini
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was the fun, effective instructor who covered a wide range of topics.
Students appreciated the instructor's willingness to engage students and help with any questions or
concerns. The worst aspect of this course was the lack of organization and the large amount of
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included spreading the homework more evenly throughout
160
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
the semester and defining course objectives more clearly. Prospective students should be prepared to
work as this class contains a large volume of information. Class attendance is necessary.
AS.210.252.03
Intermediate Italian II
Alessandro Zannirato
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.262.02-03
Intermediate German II
Heidi Wheeler
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the dialogue spoken in class by the students and the personable,
engaging instructor. The instructor made it easy to absorb the material. The worst aspect of the course
included the very heavy workload and the new, ineffective textbook. Suggestions for improvement
included having a better organized course and increasing the opportunities for in class discussion.
Prospective students should know that the class is a lot of fun, but also a lot of work. Students should
attend class and complete the homework to do well in the class.
AS.210.278.01
Intermed/Adv Portuguese
Flavia De Azeredo Cerqueira
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the warm and lively professor who constantly challenged her
students. Students appreciated that the professor was energetic and engaging, and that she seemed to
care about her students' success. The worst aspect of the course was the redundant lessons. To
improve the course, students suggested spending more time on grammar and reviewing assignments.
Prospective students should know that the class is a worthwhile introduction to Portuguese and that the
instructor gives students many opportunities to learn.
AS.210.302.02
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Guido Furci
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting content and cultural components. The professor
was very engaging and there were many opportunities for student-teacher interaction. The worst
161
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
aspects of this course included a significant amount of busy work, lack of organization, and not having a
fixed schedule of assignment deadlines. A suggestion for improvement was to allow more time for class
discussion. Prospective students should have strong grammar skills. Hard work and attention to detail
are also required for success.
AS.210.302.04
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Kathryn Haklin
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the conversational nature of the course and the fun instructor
who fostered an environment conducive to learning. There were not many "worst aspects" of the
course according to the students. However, some students felt that the workload was heavy.
Suggestions for improvement included giving students more opportunities to speak and increasing the
weight of tests and quizzes. Prospective students will find the instructor to be approachable and fun,
and will improve reading, writing, and speaking skills.
AS.210.302.05
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Abigail Alexander
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course readings, the ability to apply material,
and the small class size which led to great discussions. Students felt that the grammar topics in the
course were complex and tedious, and that the workload was overwhelming at times. Suggestions for
improvement included increasing the amount of creative projects over "commentaires" and distributing
the focus evenly on all aspects of the course. Prospective students should be comfortable speaking,
writing, and reading French at an advanced level. Participation during class discussion is an important
part of the course grade.
AS.210.302.06
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
April Wuensch
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunities to improve foreign language skills and the
small class size which led to great discussions. Students felt the grammar topics in the course were
emphasized too much and that having written assignments due the same day as exams was
overwhelming. Suggestions for improvement included having assignments dedicated to improving oral
abilities and increasing time spent on understanding concepts and grammar. Prospective students
should be prepared for a significant amount of writing.
162
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.210.302.07
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Bruce Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size which led to great discussions and the
instructor's explanations of difficult grammatical concepts. Students felt the workload was intense and
sporadic. Suggestions for improvement included adding more cultural elements to the course, having
written assignments due on different days than exams, and focusing on conversational skills.
Prospective students should have a strong foundation in French and be prepared for a significant
amount of writing.
AS.210.311.02-03; 05
Advanced Spanish I
Aranzazu Hubbard
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunities to practice speaking and comprehension skills
and the variety of assignments used to teach and reinforce concepts. Students felt that the workload
was heavy and the activities seemed forced and overly focused on grammar. Suggestions for
improvement included introducing more varied discussions, having more written assignments instead of
online, and removing the movie from the course unless it could be completed in two weeks. Prospective
students should be prepared to manage a heavy workload and engage in class discussion completely in
Spanish.
AS.210.312.01; 04
Advanced Spanish II
Sara Urruticoechea Romero
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the passionate instructor and opportunities to practice speaking
and comprehension skills. Students felt the course was too grammatically centered and the material
was repetitive. The workload was also intense. Suggestions for improvement included having a
definitive schedule with assignment due dates and increasing the amount of group projects. Prospective
students should have a strong grasp of the Spanish language and feel comfortable participating in class.
AS.210.312.02-03
Advanced Spanish II
Naiara Martinez-Velez
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
163
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the various engaging activities, exposure to cultural elements,
and the approachable, helpful professor. Students felt that the class was repetitive, that online
coursework was time consuming, and that assignments felt like busy work. Suggestions for
improvement included increasing the opportunities for student-to-student interaction, having shorter
writing assignments, and less online homework. Prospective students should have a strong grasp of the
Spanish language and feel comfortable participating in class.
AS.210.313.01
Medical Spanish
Naiara Martinez-Velez
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the important and useful vocabulary and the kind, helpful
instructor. Students appreciated the professor's ability and willingness to tailor the class to students of
varying Spanish language abilities, making sure that nobody felt overwhelmed or inhibited. Students felt
that the workload was significant and that student participation lagged. Suggestions for improvement
included increasing the amount of written exercises and free discussion. Prospective students will learn
a significant amount of Spanish medical terminology. This course is recommended.
AS.210.315.01
Spanish for International Relations
Maria Del Rosario Ramos
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.316.01
Conversational Spanish
Sergio Ruiz-Perez
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting topics discussed, the engaging in-class activities,
and the helpful instructor. Students felt that the workload was significant and that the audio parts of
exams were difficult. Suggestions for improvement included having informal group presentations,
incorporating small group discussion into the class time, and spreading the assignments more evenly
throughout the semester. Prospective students will improve conversational skills and are encouraged to
participate in all class activities.
AS.210.317.01
Adv Spanish Composision
Sara Urruticoechea Romero
164
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.352.01
Advance Italian II
Michele Zanobini
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the engaging instructor who gave helpful feedback to students and
the strong conversational elements of the course. Students felt that there were not enough
assignments to practice concepts and that there was a large learning curve from Intermediate to
Advanced courses. Suggestions for improvement included creating opportunities for more informal
discussions and increasing the amount of grammar exercises. Prospective students should be aware of
the heavy workload and challenging course material.
AS.210.362.01
Advanced German II: Contemporary Issues in the German Speaking World
Christiane Ketteler
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to cultural elements and the in depth discussion of
current events. Students felt that the workload was overwhelming and difficult. Suggestions for
improvement included decreasing the number of assignments and having a clear syllabus with
assignment due dates and expectations. Prospective students should be able to speak and write
German well and be prepared for the heavy course load.
AS.210.362.02
Advanced German II: Contemporary Issues in the German Speaking World
Deborah Mifflin
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the opportunities to practice speaking and the in-depth
discussion of current events. Students felt that the workload was overwhelming and that the
assignments were often unnecessary. Suggestions for improvement included moderating the class
discussion, using class time to go over grammar concepts, and decreasing the number of assignments.
Prospective students should be able to speak and write German well and be prepared for the heavy
course load.
AS.210.365.01
German for Science and Engineering
Heidi Wheeler
165
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the opportunity to discuss science and engineering topics in
German and the understanding, flexible instructor. Some students felt that the course was somewhat
disorganized and that there were not clear deadlines for assignments. Suggestions for improvement
included having more structure and resources to complete assignments. Prospective students should be
able to speak and write German well.
AS.210.392.01
Advanced Portuguese: Language and Literature II
Flavia De Azeredo Cerqueira
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.411.01
Translation for the Professions
Maria Del Rosario Ramos
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging, dynamic professor who encouraged participation
and made the environment comfortable for everyone. Students felt that expectations for assignments
were not clear, that class time was not managed well, and that there was not enough time for student
presentations. The workload was overwhelming at times. Suggestions for improvement included having
better time management, less online homework, and clear grading rubrics. While the course is
enjoyable, prospective students should be prepared for a significant amount of work and should allocate
time outside of class to study and complete assignments.
AS.210.412.01
Spanish Language Practicum- Community Base Learning
Loreto Sanchez
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
Students enjoyed the opportunity to volunteer in the Baltimore community and practice Spanish in an
immersion environment. Students felt that there was not enough student-teacher interaction and that
expectations were unclear. Suggestions for improvement included reducing the time commitment and
having more class meetings. Prospective students will enjoy the opportunity to get involved outside of
the Hopkins campus and are encouraged to find a practicum site early in order to complete all of the
required hours.
AS.210.417.01
166
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Eloquent French
Kristin Cook-Gailloud
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
Students enjoyed the opportunity to write in a number of different writing styles and improve French
writing skills. Students felt that the professor was very disorganized. Suggestions for improvement
included having clear assignment due dates, reducing the workload, and utilizing Blackboard in order to
post information. Prospective students should be comfortable with French language and grammar rules
and are encouraged to take the course to improve French writing skills.
AS.211.207.01-02
Waves of Feminism through Film and Media
Bernadette Wegenstein
Overall quality of the class: 4.76
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the knowledgeable professor who introduced thought provoking
lecture topics and encouraged stimulating class discussion. Expectations were not consistent or clear at
times, and students felt the amount of assigned readings and movies each week was overwhelming.
Suggestions for improvement included providing students with access to resources for assignments and
decreasing the number of required outside readings and films. Students also suggested having more
graded assignments to contribute to the overall course grade. Prospective students are encouraged to
do all assignments in order to be prepared to participate during class discussion.
AS.211.312.01
Acting French: learning about French language and culture through theater
Kristin Cook-Gailloud
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the opportunity to learn about French culture through an engaging
professor who introduced interesting class readings and had students participate in improvisation and
performance activities. Students felt that the course was disorganized and that assignments were not
distributed in a timely fashion. Suggestions for improvement included uploading assignments to
blackboard in advance and providing students with a clear syllabus at the beginning of the course.
Prospective students should be comfortable with the French language. No prior acting or theater
experience was required.
AS.211.319.01
Salsa! The Afro-Antillean song
Maria Del Rosario Ramos
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
167
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.211.341.01
Power and Resistance: Approaches to French Political Thought
Wilda Anderson, Elena Russo
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of the course was the interesting assigned class readings and the knowledgeable and
engaging instructors. Students found the course to be disorganized and would have preferred a more
interactive role in lecture. Lectures were hard to follow at times and feedback on completed
coursework was confusing or unclear. Suggestions for improvement included more guidance for
assignments and more opportunities for class discussion. Prospective students should have a
background in French history and an interest in philosophy.
AS.211.367.01
La Nouvella Vague
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.211.380.01
Modern Latin American Culture
Mary Speer
Overall quality of the class: 3.31
Summary:
Students enjoyed the group activities and the guest lecturers. The course was thought provoking and
engaging. Many students felt the required readings were lengthy and the professor had a tendency to
interrupt students mid-thought. Suggested improvements included allocating a set amount of time to
review readings and using the rest of the class time to cover new material. Students also suggested that
a clear syllabus be provided with course expectations and due dates. Prospective students interested in
Latin American culture and the opportunity to practice the Spanish language are encouraged to take the
course.
AS.211.380.02
Modern Latin American Culture
Eduardo Gonzalez
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
168
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Students enjoyed the class discussions and found the instructor to be dynamic and engaging. Many
students felt the required readings were lengthy and difficult to understand. Suggested improvements
included increasing material focused on modern Latin culture and the amount of student participation in
class. Students also suggested that a clear syllabus be provided with course expectations and due dates.
Prospective students will enjoy this course and are encouraged to do assigned readings in order to
contribute to class discussion. This class was highly recommended.
AS.211.394.01
Brazillian Culture & Civilization
Flavia De Azeredo Cerqueira
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the passionate, knowledgeable professor who was engaging and
presented interesting material throughout the course. Students felt the course time was too long and
suggested that the course include a set break time or be multiple days during the week. Other
suggestions for improvement included increasing the opportunity for group discussion during lecture
time. Prospective students interested in Brazilian culture are encouraged to take the course. The
course load is manageable and students should do the assigned readings to get a better understanding
of material presented in lecture.
AS.211.402.01-02
La France Contemporaine II
April Wuensch
Overall quality of the class: 3.55
Summary:
Students found the articles assigned to be interesting and subject matter to be culturally relevant and
current. Students felt the course was disorganized and the professor was harsh with grading. Feedback
on graded assignments was not provided in a timely manner and the instructor's communication with
students was poor. Suggestions for improvement included making course notes and PowerPoints
available to students on Blackboard. More consistent feedback and a comprehensive syllabus were also
suggested by students. Prospective students are encouraged to take this course if necessary and come
to class prepared. Prospective students will find that fluency helps facilitate class discussion.
AS.212.205.01
Winter is Coming: Writing and Rewriting French Dark Ages
Marie Alhinho
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the instructor's ability to engage the class using multiple media
sources. Course readings were interesting yet sometimes difficult to understand. Students would have
preferred to spend more time discussing course topics, and felt the course should have had better
guidelines for assignments, definitive due dates, and clearer expectations. Suggested improvements
169
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
included better organization for group projects and having staggered due dates so group writings could
be coordinated. Prospective students are encouraged to be comfortable with basic French as some of
the readings are in French.
AS.212.334.01
Introduction  la littrature franaise II
Derek Schilling
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the engaging professor who facilitated informative class discussion
and introduced interesting course readings. Students found the amount of reading to be overwhelming
and difficult to understand at times. Suggestions for improvement included decreasing the amount of
readings or allowing more time to complete the assigned readings. Students also suggested aiding class
discussion by providing study questions for reading assignments. Prospective students will find it helpful
to be fluent in French. Prospective students are encouraged to keep up with the assigned readings and
be prepared for a faster paced course.
AS.212.334.02
Introduction  la littrature franaise II
Elena Russo
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This Class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.212.430.01
Senior Seminar
Jacky Neefs
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the valuable feedback from the professor during regularly
scheduled conferences. Students felt that group seminars were repetitive and unhelpful. Guidelines
and expectations were sometimes unclear. Suggested improvements included adding frequent
checkpoints and deadlines starting in the fall semester so that students remain on track. Students also
suggested making better use of group seminar time by focusing on a specific aspect of writing or by
using that time for peer editing. Prospective students should be self-motivated and be prepared to put
in a significant amount of time outside of the classroom. Developed writing and grammar skills are
important.
AS.212.792.01
GRLL SEMINAR/Fellini  Almodvar
Eduardo Gonzalez, Bernadette Wegenstein
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
170
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.213.305.01
Contemporary German Film
Elisabeth Strowick
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
Students enjoyed the thought provoking discussion and interesting films shown in the course. The
instructor was accessible to students and invested in their success. Discussion was sometimes difficult
as students varied in their levels of fluency. Students felt class time was too long and films had a short
window of availability at the library. Suggestions for improvement included posting scheduled viewings
on ISIS and balancing the number of obscure films with more well-known films. Prospective students
will have the opportunity to practice their skills in the German language. Prospective students are
encouraged to come to class prepared for discussions and to take notes when watching assigned films.
AS.213.313.01
Heidegger's "Being and Time" and "Rectify"
Rochelle Tobias
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the knowledgeable professor who facilitated interesting class
discussion and helped clarify difficult concepts presented in the course. Students found the course time
to be too long, and the material dense and hard to understand. Suggestions for improvement included
decreasing class time in favor of more frequent meetings throughout the week. Students also suggested
having access to supplemental readings to help better understand the material. Prospective students
should be aware that some of the works are difficult to understand and a background in philosophy may
be beneficial.
AS.213.322.01
Museums and Jews, Jews in Museums
Samuel Spinner
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The professor was knowledgeable and engaging. Students found the course to be intellectually
provoking and stimulating. However, many students felt the readings were overwhelming and lengthy.
Suggested improvements included having more guidelines and feedback on assignments. Students also
suggested shortening the list of readings and providing works that weren't repetitive. More frequent,
shorter essays would also have been preferred as well. Prospective students should be prepared to
allocate time to prepare for class discussion by doing all of the assigned readings. A genuine interest in
course material will help students do well in this class.
171
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.214.333.01
Shakespeare on the Opera Stage
Eugenio Refini
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the engaging and knowledgeable professor who presented interesting
material in an enthusiastic and effective manner. Students agreed that the professor excelled at
facilitating discussion and respecting each student's input. Students felt the class was long and
suggested the course be held more frequently during the week for shorter periods of time. Prospective
students will walk away with a better understanding of opera and drama. No prior experience with
music was required; however, a familiarity with Shakespeare's works would be beneficial. The work
load was manageable and the course was highly recommended by students.
AS.214.390.01
Machiavelli: A Renaissance Master
Christopher Celenza
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting class readings and found discussions and class debates to be
intellectually stimulating. The professor was engaging and helped create an environment of intellectual
curiosity. Students felt the course readings were overwhelming, lengthy, and dry at times. Suggestions
for improvement included having more formal essay guidelines and expectations. Students also
suggested providing more background on Italian history and spending more time studying the text.
Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy reading load and come to class ready to contribute
to discussions. This course was highly recommended.
AS.214.479.01
Dante Visits the Afterlife: The Divine Comedy
Walter Stephens
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the knowledgeable professor who was accessible and gave students
helpful feedback. Students felt the course was disorganized and class time was not used efficiently.
Suggestions for improvement included having an organized syllabus with clear expectations on
assignments, and decreasing the amount of material being covered in one semester. Prospective
students are encouraged to read the weekly assigned readings as the material can be very dense. A
background in medieval history or literature prior to taking the course would be beneficial. This class is
highly recommended.
AS.214.792.01
GRLL Seminar/Fellini  Almodvar
Eduardo Gonzalez, Bernadette Wegenstein
172
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.215.231.01
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Julia Baumgardt
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students appreciated the exposure to a wide variety of works assigned in the course. The small class
size facilitated better class discussion of course topics. Students felt the amount of readings was
overwhelming and difficult to understand at times. Suggestions for improvement included focusing on a
few complete works to analyze instead of many excerpts every week. Prospective students should be
strong in the Spanish language as the readings and course are taught in Spanish. Class participation is
important and prospective students are encouraged to come to class prepared.
AS.215.231.02
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Gabrielle Ponce
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting class discussion and the knowledgeable and
engaging professor. Students felt that the amount of readings was overwhelming, and that the multiple
choice quizzes did not allow students to demonstrate their knowledge of the material as well as writing
assignments would have. Suggestions for improvement included focusing on a few complete works to
analyze instead of many excerpts every week. Students also suggested making this a year-long course.
Prospective students should be strong in the Spanish language and prepared for the heavy amount of
assigned reading required for the course.
AS.215.353.01
Women Writing in Latin America: Prose and Poetry by Sor Juana, Mistral, Lis
Sara Castro-Klaren
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspect of the class was the passionate and knowledgeable professor who challenged the
students intellectually. Many students felt that the class time was too long and sometimes disorganized
as the readings listed on the syllabus did not always align with class discussion. Expectations for written
assignments were sometimes unclear. Suggestions for improvement included having readings in
Spanish, increasing the amount of class discussion, and decreasing the amount of material covered in
order to do a more thorough analysis of works. Prospective students should have good writing skills and
be prepared for in-class essay questions.
173
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.215.440.01
The Picaresque Novel in Spain
Harry Sieber
Overall Quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Students enjoyed the expertise of the instructor and found the lectures engaging and enlightening.
Many students reported that they found the readings enjoyable for the most part. Most students found
the readings to be difficult, in part because of the antiquated Spanish of the texts. Suggestions for
improvement included having class lecture completely in Spanish as well as increasing the amount of
feedback from the professor on course work. Prospective students should be aware that assigned
readings are in Spanish. Strong writing skills in Spanish would be beneficial as the course grade is
dependent on two written assignments.
AS.215.452.01
Che Guevara and Magical Realism
Eduardo Gonzalez
Overall quality of the course: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the engaging, knowledgeable professor who gave entertaining
lectures. Students felt that the weekly quizzes were difficult and were not a good evaluation of their
mastery of concepts. Expectations for assignments were disorganized and unclear, and advertised
subject matter was not discussed during the course. Suggestions for improvement included having the
course in Spanish, making class size smaller in order to increase opportunities for class discussion, and
testing students on conceptual knowledge and understanding. Prospective students should be aware
that proficiency in the Spanish language is important for success in this course as the material can be
difficult.
AS.216.370.01
Israel Through Prose
Neta Stahl
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.216.444.01
Apocalypse Now: Apocalypse in Literature and Cinema
Neta Stahl
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
174
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Students enjoyed viewing movies relevant to the class and found discussion to be interesting. Many felt
that the class time was too long and that the assigned reading was repetitive and dense. Suggestions for
improvement included decreasing the amount of assigned readings and offering the course during
intersession as a shorter alternative. Students also suggested increasing student interaction and
balancing the dense material with some lighter works. Prospective students should be prepared for a
significant amount of reading and have strong writing skills. Prospective students are also encouraged
to be prepared to perform critical analysis of works and share their perspective on concepts.
175
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
HISTORY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.100.103.01-04
Early Modern Europe and the Wider World
Michael Kwass
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best part about this course was Professor Kwass' engaging and informative lectures that related
early modern Europe to contemporary events. Students found that the primary sources and textbook
allowed for understandings of events that incorporated political, economic, and social considerations.
Some students found paper grading unforgiving, while others claimed that the professor moved too
quickly between concepts and events during lecture. Suggestions for improvement included providing
study guides and posting class power points online. Prospective students should know missing a class
could be detrimental to their final grade.
AS.100.110.01-06
Making America: Politics and Society since the Great Depression
Angus Burgin
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The best part of this class was the thoughtful, passionate, informative and interesting lectures that
focused more on broader themes and ideas than specific events. Students enjoyed the mix of primary
and secondary source readings, and found the detailed outlines posted on Blackboard were very helpful.
Some students agreed that the reading load was heavy. Suggestions for improvement included
choosing either a chronological or thematic approach rather than switching back and forth, and
providing more feedback on assignments. Prospective students should know this class is engaging for
everyone, including those who are not history buffs.
AS.100.117.01-04
History of Brazil
Gabriel Paquette
176
HISTORY
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the comprehensive introduction to Brazilian history that
covered a variety of topics from international relations to soccer. Many students agreed that the
professor did an excellent job organizing weekly readings and lectures around a central theme and
discussing it thoroughly and enthusiastically. Many students felt that 50 minutes was insufficient to
complete the in-class exam essays. This class could be improved by having lectures posted online so
students can review them prior to tests, and having more grading opportunities throughout the
semester. Prospective students should know going to lecture is essential for doing well in this course.
AS.100.129.01-02
Introduction to Modern Jewish History
Kenneth Moss
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The best parts about this class were that the lectures were engaging, and that the professor seemed to
care as much about teaching as he did about doing his own research. Students praised the professor for
his enthusiasm and sense of humor in the classroom, as well as his ability to lecture on a diverse range
of time periods and parts of the world. Some students claimed that the amount of reading was
excessive, and that the essay topics were too vague. This class could be improved by having more
organized lectures and shorter, more concise readings. Prospective students should know this class is
highly recommended for those interested in history or religion.
AS.100.194.01
Undergraduate Seminar in History
Ronald Walters
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best part of this class was that the professor was extremely helpful with setting students up for
success on their senior thesis. Some students had difficulty dealing with the unorganized class structure.
This class could be improved by starting writing during the first semester of seminar and having better
organization of the overall course. Prospective students should only take this class if they are history
majors.
AS.100.194.02
Undergraduate Seminar in History
Erin Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
177
HISTORY
The best aspects of the class included the freedom and independence to research and write a paper on
a subject of interest. Students found that the professor was helpful and encouraging, and provided
frequent, detailed, and thoughtful feedback throughout the writing and research process. The worst
part was the 40 page paper of original research, which many students found to be challenging and
difficult to manage time-wise. Suggestions for improvement included beginning the writing process
earlier (in the first semester), having more opportunities for peer-editing, and having more frequent,
periodic deadlines. Prospective students should know that this seemingly daunting class is extremely
rewarding.
AS.100.209.01
Fresh Seminar: Mexico and the World From Corts to Cartels
Joseph Clark
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the diverse and interesting material, the passionate professor,
and the in-class discussions. Students appreciated that having few graded assignments allowed them to
focus on understanding the material instead of just focusing on grades. Some students felt that the
assigned reading was excessive, and that the discussions were occasionally disorganized and uninspired.
This course could benefit from more feedback on work and from a more substantial lecture on the
readings to better guide conversation. Prospective students should know participation is a major part of
the final grade.
AS.100.235.01
Freshman Seminar: Politics, Society and Economics in the Renaissance
Heather Stein
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best part about this class was the professor's engaging lesson plans that covered a broad range of
topics. Students praised the professor for delving into different aspects of the Renaissance and then
tying them together in interesting ways. Students felt that they received an excessive amount of
reading, and that the lectures moved too quickly and were difficult to keep up with. Suggestions for
improvement included having quizzes with broader and less detail-oriented questions, as students often
found it difficult to study for them. Prospective students should know they will have daily reading
quizzes.
AS.100.279.01
Europe Since 1945
Hanno Balz
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best part of this class the professor's engaging and informative lectures, his sense of humor, and his
interesting anecdotes. Students found the course materials to be interesting, and appreciated that they
178
HISTORY
incorporated political, economic, social, and pop-cultural perspectives. Some students found the
reading load difficult to keep up with. Students agreed that the TA section of the course was not
engaging and uninformative. Students believed that this class could be improved if they received
explicit grading rubrics and more feedback on papers. Prospective students should know that class
participation is a significant part of the final grade, and that three papers comprise the rest of the
grading.
AS.100.301.01
America after the Civil Rights Movement
Nathan Connolly
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the thought provoking readings, the knowledgeable professor,
and the opportunity for students to analyze complex issues surrounding race. Students felt that they did
not have enough time to complete the dense readings and class time was lost due to cancellations by
the instructor. Suggestions for improvement included having timelier feedback on graded assignments
and decreasing the amount of assignments due each week.
AS.100.342.01
Colonial Lives: Individuals in the Atlantic World, 1600-1850
William Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
Students felt the best part of this class was its positive, comfortable and respectful environment. Some
students felt the reading load was heavy and the course should have been designated as writing
intensive. Suggestions for improvement included having more frequent lectures with time to discuss
course readings and decreasing the amount of assigned readings. Prospective students interested in
history should be familiar with early to modern era American history and be prepared for a writing
intensive course.
AS.100.344.01
The Holocaust
Linda Braun
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best part of this course was the intimate class size. Some students felt the instructor's teaching
style was ineffective and disorganized. Feedback was limited and grading seemed to be harsh.
Suggestions for improvement included reducing the amount of assigned readings and finding
encouraging ways to foster group discussion. Prospective students should be prepared to read between
100-150 pages a week. No prior knowledge of Jewish or Eastern European history is required.
AS.100.355.01
179
HISTORY
Islam between History and Anthropology
Naveeda Khan, Todd Shepard
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting and intellectually challenging environment the instructors created.
Some students felt that the class required too much reading and that expectations regarding
assignments were not clear. This course could be improved by providing students with more
manageable readings. Prospective students should be prepared for engaging material and a significant
amount of reading and writing.
AS.100.365.01
Culture & Society in the High Middle Ages
Gabrielle Spiegel
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the interesting topics and intriguing lectures. The worst part of this
class was the monotone and long-winded lectures. Suggestions for improvement included having more
graded assignments, assigning shorter readings, and setting clearer guidelines for assignments.
Prospective students should have a background in medieval European history. This class requires a
significant amount of reading each week.
AS.100.367.01
Slavery, Capitalism, and Free Labor in the United States, 1650-1867
Matthew Heerman
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students enjoyed the entertaining lectures, enthusiastic professor, and seminar discussions. Many
students found the reading load to be unbearable. Suggestions for improvement included having more
ways to assess student progress other than papers, reading shorter pieces or excerpts from books, and
providing students with clearer essay prompts. Prospective students would be required to write three
papers throughout the semester and complete weekly readings.
AS.100.372.01
The Victorians
Judith Walkowitz
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting discussion topics and the knowledgeable,
passionate instructor. Students found the workload to be heavy and overwhelming at times.
Suggestions for improvement included decreasing the amount of required reading, meeting more than
180
HISTORY
once a week, and finding ways to encourage more class discussion. Prospective students should be
aware that course attendance and participation are essential to doing well. No prior knowledge is
necessary.
AS.100.379.01
Age of Religious Wars: Reformation Europe, 1500-1650
Erin Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fact that this course was discussion and not lecture based. Some students felt this
class was too large to facilitate productive discussions. Suggestions for improvement included having a
smaller class size, making readings accessible in one place, and providing students with clear
expectations for written assignments. Prospective students should be prepared for a writing and
reading intensive course. Students found the workload to be typical of an upper level history course.
AS.100.406.01
American Business in the Age of the Modern Corporation
Louis Galambos
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.411.01
Readings in the History of Public Health in the 20th
and 21st
Centuries
Louis Galambos
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging and invested professor who gave informative
lectures, made productive use of class time, and provided useful commentary on writing assignments.
Students very much enjoyed the readings as well as the in-class discussions that emerged around them.
Some students had trouble keeping up with the assigned reading, and others suggested that paper
topics at times seemed disconnected from the material covered. Many students would have liked more
time to work on edited drafts of papers. Prospective students should know they will have readings with
a one page summary due weekly.
AS.100.412.01
Jewish History in British Mandatory Palestine 1917-1947
Kenneth Moss
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
181
HISTORY
The best part about this class was the small class size that allowed for engaging discussions. Students
praised the professor for effectively leading discussion, and enjoyed the diverse mix of primary and
secondary readings that he assigned. Many students found the reading load for this class to be heavy.
This course could be improved by focusing more on the texts in class, and providing shorter and more
concise reading assignments that highlight main points and events. Prospective students should know
that they will be reading approximately 200 pages a week, and that while the topics covered have
contemporary implications, the focus is on the historical issues.
AS.100.420.01
George Washington and his World
Francois Furstenberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.424.01
Women & Modern Chinese History
Tobie Meyer-Fong
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best part about this class was the relaxed environment fostered by the enthusiastic and engaging
professor. Students praised the professor for effectively facilitating discussion, providing detailed and
useful feedback on assignments, and assigning interesting readings. Some students had trouble with the
volume of weekly reading, as well as the inconsistency in the amount of reading from week to week.
Suggestions for improvement included having more discussion based classes and having more time for
peer review. Prospective students may benefit from a background in Chinese history, and should be
prepared to approach assignments in a detail oriented manner.
AS.100.497.01
Year of Revolt: 1968 in Europe
Hanno Balz
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best part about this class was the knowledgeable, approachable, and dynamic professor, and the
stimulating lectures that he delivered. Students appreciated that the course was well organized, with
weekly readings that centered on a clearly identified topic. Some students had trouble with the volume
of weekly reading and the fact that class occasionally got off topic. Further, while students found
lectures to be informative, some noted that they left less time for discussion. This class could be
improved by meeting twice a week, and by having more guided discussion. Prospective students should
know they will have two 10-page papers, an oral presentation, and class discussion to lead in this class.
182
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
HISTORY OF ART DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.010.102.02-04
Introduction to History of European Art II
Stephen Campbell
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor being passionate about what he taught, his ability
to explain concepts well, and the interesting material he covered. However, many students felt that the
absentee policy was harsh. The instructor rushed through the material and there was a huge workload.
Suggestions for improvement were for the instructor to distribute his notes to students and for him to
slow down while teaching. Perspective students should be aware that missing one class may be
detrimental and that memorization is important. As challenging as the class was, students interested in
history will still enjoy this class.
AS.010.162.01
Freshman Seminar: From Found Object to Junk Art
Jennifer Watson
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.010.205.01
The Painted Worlds of Early Greece: Fantasy, Form and Action
Emily Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the class discussions, the interesting content, and the instructor's
passion for the topic. The professor was very animated and informative and made learning exciting.
Many students noted that the class would have been better if feedback had been given on the weekly
183
HISTORY OF ART
reading responses. Some students suggested that the slides be made available for viewing outside of
class and for the class to meet twice a week instead of only once. Prospective students should know
that there is a lot of reading, but the course is worthwhile for students of all majors.
AS.010.206.01
Art and the Sacred in Colonial Latin America
Maria Lumbreras Corujo
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.010.214.01
Ancient Americas in Motion
Lisa Deleonardis
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the interesting films which enlightened and encouraged a lot of
interesting class discussion. The weekly workload was very manageable. However, many students felt
that the content was not cohesive and that the class session lasted too long. Students' suggestions for
improvement included allowing for more time in between watching films to teach and discuss the
material. Prospective students should know that the instructor is very approachable and that no prior
art, history, or film knowledge is required.
AS.010.215.01
Transformations of an Empire : Power, Religion, and the Arts in Medieval Ro
Nino Zchomelidse
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course was the instructor's ability to make concepts easy to understand and
teach the material with enthusiasm. Students agreed that the museum trips were exciting and
informative. On the other hand, students felt that the grading system was harsh and that the readings
were sometimes too long. To improve the class, students suggested that assignments be better
structured and the professor create a rubric to follow. Prospective students should know that the
material is interesting and the course is mostly lecture based.
AS.010.302.01
The World as Image: Art and Knowledge in the Middle Ages
Marius Hauknes
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
184
HISTORY OF ART
The best aspect of this course was the way the instructor gave many interesting viewpoints on medieval
art by presenting the lectures in a very thoughtful and compelling manner. Although the class was quite
enjoyable, sometimes the readings were long. Many of the articles the instructor assigned for reading
were never discussed. Suggested Improvements included shortening the readings and increasing
discussions on topics covered. Prospective students should know that the class is fun and it is
recommended that they have an interest in medieval art. Students should be prepared to do a lot of
reading.
AS.010.305.01
Global Modern Art: Africa, Asia, the Pacific and the Americas
Rebecca Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting topics that were presented. The course was
engaging due to the interactive teaching style of the professor and the class discussions. Some students
felt that the overwhelming amount of information caused confusion while others said that it was hard to
come to conclusions about the artists being discussed. Suggestions for improvement included
summarizing the readings in class or as an assignment. Prospective students should know that this was
not an easy course, but the professor was very knowledgeable and helpful. This class was highly
recommended by many former students.
AS.010.307.01
Diplomats, Dealers, and Diggers: The Birth of Archaeology and the Rise of Co
Marian Feldman
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor, who was enthusiastic and used many different
approaches to teaching including lectures discussions, debates, museum visits and readings. The
reading load was heavy and sometimes seemed to have no apparent purpose. Students said the course
could be improved by shortening the lectures; however, many said the course was fine as is.
Prospective students should be prepared to do a lot of reading and know that a background in
archeology may be useful.
AS.010.308.01
Art and Architecture in Republican Rome
Pier Luigi Tucci
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course was that the professor shared interesting historical topics during his
lectures. He was highly effective, lenient, and willing to meet with his students. However, many
students felt that the lectures were somewhat monotonous. To improve the class, former students
suggested having more discussions in class about the reading material and having more guidelines for
185
HISTORY OF ART
the final presentations. Prospective students should know that the professor was very easy going and
that the work load was manageable.
AS.010.310.01
The `Long Sixties' in Europe
Molly Warnock
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspect of the class was the professor who was interesting, intelligent, knowledgeable, and able
to explain complex concepts. Many students enjoyed the class project dealing with the class exhibition.
The worst aspect of this course was not having enough time for class discussions or sufficient time to go
over course material. Students felt that some of the details pertaining to the exhibition could have been
executed a lot better. Prospective students should be aware that time outside of class should be
dedicated to the significant amount of course readings.
AS.010.398.01
Tombs for the Living
Lisa Deleonardis
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor who was passionate, enthusiastic, approachable,
and helpful. Students agreed that the professor's lectures were interesting and informative, and that the
art museum visits were exciting. The worst aspects of the class were the exams which tended to be
either too hard or not reflective of the students' understanding of the material. Students suggested
having clearer guidelines on how tests would be graded, and introducing more discussion into class.
Prospective students should know that the course is a lot of fun and that no prior knowledge is required.
AS.010.451.01
The Reception of Roman Art in the Middle Ages and in the Renaissance
Pier Luigi Tucci
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
186
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.140.106.01-04
History of Modern Medicine
Jeremy Greene
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures and the opportunity for students who
needed more help to attend Friday discussion sessions. Some students found the readings to be
overwhelming and difficult to understand. This course could be improved by providing clearer reading
assignment guidelines and clearer multiple choice questions on exams. Prospective students should
know this is a great introductory course for science majors in need of a humanities distribution.
Students are encouraged to attend lectures and keep up with assigned readings.
AS.140.129.01
Freshman Seminar: John Hopkins Medicine
Stuart Leslie
Overall quality of the class: 4.81
Summary:
The best part of this course was the engaging and fun discussions. Students liked having a small class
size that allowed for open discussions on great readings. Some students felt assignment requirements
were unclear. This course could be improved by having a field trip to the medical campus, providing
more guidelines on assignments, and using blackboard instead of email to update students. Prospective
students should complete readings in order to participate in mandatory class discussions. Students of all
majors are encouraged to take the course.
AS.140.144.01
Freshman Seminar: Culture, Communication and Technology
Robert Kargon
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
187
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.140.302.01-02
Rise of Modern Science
Sharon Kingsland
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the fact that it addressed the politics and social environment
surrounding major scientific developments. This course covered a wide variety of topics. Some
students found it frustrating that the course did not address the connection between biology
enlightenment and physics enlightenment. This course could be improved by offering a grading rubric
for each of the writing prompts. Prospective students do not have to be a science or engineer major to
do well in this course. Students should study quiz questions used throughout the semester.
AS.140.305.01
From the Compass to Androids: History of Science, Technology and Medicine
Yulia Frumer
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best part of this course was the professor's engaging teaching. This class provided students with a
deeper understanding of subject matter. Some students found the course to be difficult and too rigid.
This course could be improved by having more in-class demonstrations and spending more time on
robots. Prospective students are encouraged to start their final projects as early as possible and should
be prepared for a significant amount of reading and writing. This course requires completion of weekly
papers and one final paper.
AS.140.331.01
Mind, Body and Society: The History of Psychology
Daniel Todes
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best part of this class was the intellectually stimulating, quality in-class discussion. Some students
found it difficult to keep up with the heavy reading load. This course could be improved by focusing
more in-depth on less material. Prospective students should know this course is a lot of fun, and highly
recommended for anyone interested in the history of science. Students should be prepared for the
intense reading load and to put forth a strong effort to do well in the course.
AS.140.344.01
Rejected Knowledge? Alchemy and Astrology in Early Modern European Science
Justin Rivest
188
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting readings and knowledgeable, engaging professor
who shed light on unfamiliar concepts and gave helpful feedback. Some students found the reading to
be overwhelming and the lectures difficult to follow along with. This course could be improved by
incorporating more pointed reading questions for discussion. Prospective students should be familiar
with analyzing historical papers and be able to convey arguments clearly in papers and during class
discussion.
AS.140.350.01
Disability in 20th
Century America: Rights, Restrictions, Reproduction
Marion Schmidt
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect this course was the opportunity for students to view the sociology of disability in
different perspectives. Many of the readings were relevant to current issues and events. Some students
felt that course material was rushed and repetitive at times. This course could be improved by
discussing more the disabilities people struggle with today, and adding more readings from a first-
person perspective. Prospective students should stay on top of weekly readings and be prepared to
think critically. No background in disability history is necessary.
AS.140.353.01
Women, Health, and Medicine in Modern America
Devon Stillwell
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
The best part of this class was the professor's skilled discussion guidance and feedback on assignments.
This instructor provided an open and welcoming environment for students. Some students felt class
expectations were not always clear and the amount of assigned readings was overwhelming. This class
could be improved by incorporating more modern literature into the curriculum, designating the course
as writing intensive, and including the experiences of non-white women. Prospective students should
know that this class demands a significant amount of work and should start assignments as early as
possible.
AS.140.362.01
The Communications Revolution
Susan Morris
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fair grading, helpful feedback, and extremely approachable
professor. This course covered interesting subject matter. Some students found the in-class interaction
189
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
and discussion between students awkward. This class could be improved by having the final paper due
the same day as the final exam, and incorporating more interactive aspects to lecture. Prospective
students should know that there is no assumed background, and you can earn extra credit by visiting
museums. This course focuses on the effects of technology.
AS.140.379.01
Health and the City: Urban Public Health in Historical Perspective
Eli Anders
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.140.398.01
Godzilla and Fukushima: Japanese Environment in History and Films
Yulia Frumer
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this class was the professor's passion on the subject matter. This course forced
students to think critically. Some students found it difficult to pay attention for the 2.5 hour class and
the workload was overwhelming for many students. Suggestions for improvement included having the
course meet more often during the week at shorter time periods, and giving more guidelines and
structure for student presentations. Prospective students should know this discussion based course is
almost entirely directed by students. Students will learn a significant amount about Japanese history.
190
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
HUMANITIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.300.102.02
Great Minds
Leonardo Lisi
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
Professor Lisi's ability to run a lecture was the best part about this course. Students found the lectures
to be very informative, and the in-class discussions to be engaging. Some students were concerned that
the only grades for the class were for class participation and the final paper, while others found the lack
of grading opportunities to be stressful. Suggestions for improvement included not having guest
lecturers, and having more consistency in the amount of reading from week to week. People
considering this class should know they will not get an easy "A" in this course.
AS.300.102.03
Great Minds
Paola Marrati
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments
AS.300.228.01
Brain and Society
Larry McGrath
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject matter and the engaging, articulate
professor. Students praised the professor's ability to foster in-class discussions and to incorporate one
week's discussions into the following week's lecture. Some students claimed that the readings were so
long that students had to read for completion rather than understanding, and that this occasionally led
191
HUMANITIES
to dry discussions. Thus, suggestions for improvement included providing shorter weekly assignments.
Students can look forward to learning about the social interpretations of the brain from a historical
perspective.
AS.300.291.01
Freshman Seminar: Home and Exile
Anne Eakin Moss
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.300.310.01
Introduction to Psychoanalysis
Orna Ophir
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.300.338.01
Comic Evolution: Stages in Development of Comedy
Richard Macksey
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best part about this class was the fact that students left an academic setting and went to Professor
Macksey's house for class. Students appreciated the professor's intelligence as well as his hospitality.
While students appreciated the less-formal setting, some found that this contributed to a general lack of
structure. Class regularly ran late and conversations became tangential. A way to improve this course
would be to have graded assignments throughout the semester instead of one paper. Prospective
students should know that Professor Macksey has a cat at his house, so if you have a cat allergy you may
want to avoid this class.
AS.300.365.01
Desire in the Fin de sicle
Anne Easkin Moss
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best part about this course was the engaging, informative, and fun classroom environment that the
professor fostered. Students found the materials to be interesting, and appreciated the care that was
taken in curating reading list. Some students claimed that the workload was unevenly distributed across
the semester, and that some texts were extensively focused on at the expense of others. Suggestions
for improvement included having the professor provide her thoughts more often and explicitly as the
basis for conversations. Prospective students will grow significantly as writers.
192
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.650.445.01
Practical Cryptographic Systems
Matthew Green
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.650.640.01
Moral & Legal Foundations of Privacy
Michael Jacobs, William Sauers
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the broad exposure to issues surrounding privacy rights and
protections. Students appreciated the breadth of topics covered as well as the organization of the
readings and course materials. Some students suggested that the interactive nature of the class was
occasionally counterproductive when only a few students were active participants in the class. Some
students suggested that rearranging the classroom might help facilitate better participation.
Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy reading load and to gain a solid background in the
historical and present-day issues surrounding privacy.
EN.650.653.01
Financial Issues in Managing a Secure Operation
William Agresti
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to non-technical but important financial issues
surrounding information security that were often omitted from other courses. Many students agreed
that the final project was particularly interesting and useful in developing an understanding of the
material. Some students found the final exam to be exceptionally difficult, in part because there was
193
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE
some uncertainty about material that was going to be included. To ameliorate this problem, they
suggested providing more comprehensive class notes and a course outline. Prospective students can
expect a lighter-than-normal course load, and need not have a financial background.
EN.650.654.01
Computer Intrusion Detection
Xiangyang Li
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the practical exposure to detection techniques with DeterLab,
and the enjoyable and informative final project. Several students had difficulty understanding the main
points of the lectures as well as identifying the specific questions being asked on the homework
assignments. Because of the lack of organization and specificity, students struggled with test
preparation and homework completion. Suggestions for improvement included more DeterLab
assignments and other hands-on implementation projects. Prospective students should have a
background in machine learning and data analytics, and should be prepared to do a lot of independent
learning.
EN.650.657.01
Advanced Computer Forensics
Timothy Leschke
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.650.661.01
Human Factors in Information Security
Xiangyang Li
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.650.737.01
Information Security Projects
Anton Dahbura, Xiangyang Li
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to current issues facing information security as
well as the interaction with outside companies and organizations. Some students claimed that the
lectures at times were dull and would have benefitted from a more interactive approach. Suggestions
for improvement included securing more time after class for students to talk to guest speakers and
inviting more companies to participate in the class. Prospective students should be prepared to attend
every seminar.
194
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
INTERDEPARTMENTAL DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.360.134.01
Great Books at Hopkins II: The Sciences
Elizabeth Patton
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the accessible and helpful professor who introduced interesting
course material. Students felt the course was disorganized at times and the many readings were too
long. Suggestions for improvement included scheduling the class in a room that could accommodate
both sections comfortably, and spreading assigned readings out more realistically throughout the
semester. Prospective students should stay on top of readings as the course is reading and writing
intensive. In order to best improve writing skills, students are encouraged to gain feedback from the
instructor and go to the writing help center.
AS.360.134.01
Great Books at Hopkins II: The Sciences
Elizabeth Patton, Matthew Roller
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting books assigned, and the engaging professors.
Students felt the class discussion was unproductive and the grading criteria was subjective. Suggestions
for improvement included having less economics based readings and encouraging student-to-student
discussions and not just student-to-professor discussions. Prospective students should stay on top of
readings as the course is reading and writing intensive.
AS.360.330.01
The Characteristics of Target Populations
Ajay Chaudry
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
195
INTERDEPARTMENTAL
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.360.331.01
Methods for Policy Research
Barbara Morgan
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course was the fun, engaging and relevant material the professor covered.
Students appreciated the caring instructor and the opportunity to gain hands-on experience. Students
were at different levels concerning experience with economics and STATA which made the course work
difficult to teach. Some students felt they could benefit from additional coverage of statistical tools and
analytic strategies. This course is focused on data analysis and prospective students should take
statistics or economics prior to enrolling in this course.
AS.360.332.01
Methods for Public Policy Research
Mark Rom, Scott Schmidt
Overall quality of the class: 3.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.360.333.01
Writing Seminar/ Proseminar on Washington Policy and Politics
Phillip Longman
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.360.334.01
Making Social Change
Shayna Strom
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.360.335.01
The Causes of Inequality
Steven Teles
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
196
INTERDEPARTMENTAL
AS.360.336.01
Implementation and its Challenges I & II
Robert Doar, Steven Teles
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.360.337.01
Economic Perspectives on Social Policy
Dean Baker
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.360.357.01
Baltimore as an Urban Laboratory
Stefanie Deluca
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
Students thought the best aspects of this course included the opportunity to do field work in East
Baltimore, the discussions surrounding the professor's research, and learning how to use ArcGIS
software. Some students struggled with the unpredictable and fluctuating schedule, and found
assignments to be unclear. This class could be improved by providing more detail on assignment
expectations and starting research much sooner in the semester. Prospective students should know this
class is excellent for hands on learning and has an interesting field work component. Students will also
learn more about Baltimore housing.
AS.360.366.01
Public Policy Writing Workshop
Phillip Longman
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
The best part about this course was the useful feedback on how to write grant proposals. Students had
the opportunity to meet one-on-one with the instructor in order to improve writing skills. Some
students found the lack of due dates frustrating and the grading harsh. This course could be improved
by incorporating grading rubrics and having the class correlate with other social policy classes.
Prospective students should know this course allows for unlimited edits on papers. This class has no
group meetings, only individual student-professor meetings.
197
INTERDEPARTMENTAL
AS.360.372.01
Poverty and Public Policy
Kathryn Edin
Overall quality of the class: 4.87
Summary:
The best part of this course was the interesting material covered. The professor was infectiously
passionate, helpful, supportive, and went above and beyond what was required. Some students felt the
weekly responses were time consuming and the workload was overwhelming. This course could be
improved by adding more interactive aspects to the course and moving it to the Homewood campus
instead of it being held at the Bloomberg School of Public Health. Prospective students should know this
course involves a significant amount of reading and writing. Students will have their perspective on
course material challenged.
AS.360.380.01
Making America Social Policy
Daniel Schlozman
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best parts of this class were the professor's availability to help students and ability to provide
students with an interesting perspective on changing social policy. Some students found the readings
dense and lengthy. This course could be improved by having more in class discussion, decreasing the
amount of assigned readings, and providing students with clearer feedback on assignments. Prospective
students should know that this course gives an encompassing overview of policy in America and requires
a high level of critical thinking.
198
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
JEWISH STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.193.304.01
Everyday Voices of the Holocaust: Popular Jewish Poetic Expression in the Ghetto
Miriam Trinh
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
Students enjoyed Professor Trinh's ability to make an uncomfortable topic approachable during this
course. Students found the material to be very interesting, and appreciated the depth of understanding
afforded by the variety of genres and media used. Many students felt that they were given unclear
instruction for their presentations. Suggestions for improvement included having more organization
regarding deadlines and expectations for assignments, and reducing the number of presentations
required of each student. Prospective students should be advised that the course is reading intensive,
and that the material can be shocking or depressing at times.
199
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.361.130.01
Introduction to Latin American Studies
Eduardo Gonzalez
Overall quality of the class: 2.93
Summary:
The best part about this class was the knowledgeable instructor who asked his students to think
critically and creatively about the readings. Many students agreed that the course materials were
interesting and covered a variety of countries, ethnicities, histories, and cultures. Some students
claimed that the professor was disorganized and that lectures suffered as a result. Thus, they suggested
that this class would benefit from more focus and direction, and from more explicit discussion of the
texts presented. Prospective students should know that this class will require a lot of reading, and that
office hours may prove to be more helpful than lecture.
AS.361.330.01
Latin America Otherwise: Voicing Dissent
Tulio Zille
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the discussion-based approach to class and the approachable,
helpful professor who challenged his students to read and write more critically. Students appreciated
the diverse materials and media that were assigned which allowed for a creative approach to the topic.
Some students found the reading materials to be scattered, while others suggested that more input and
guidance from the professor would have been beneficial. Suggestions for improvement included making
the readings smaller and more concise. Prospective students should know that it will be necessary to do
the readings and be prepared to participate in class.
200
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.510.107.01-02
Modern Alchemy
James Spicer
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the entertaining and engaging course material and the writing
assignments that encouraged students to pursue their own interests. The professor clearly presented
and thoroughly discussed course material. Some students felt that being randomly selected to answer
questions was anxiety inducing, and grading was unclear due to a lack of feedback. Suggestions for
improvement included decreasing the emphasis on class attendance and participation, and offering
more guidance on written assignments. Prospective students should be prepared to stay on top of
reading assignments and to attend all lectures. This manageable course is a good option for humanities
students needing to fulfill science requirements.
EN.510.201.01
Introductory Materials Science for Engineers
En Ma
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the passionate and effective instructor and the manageable
course load. Students appreciated that lecture notes were distributed prior to class, and that the exams
reflected material covered in lecture and practiced through homework. Some students claimed that the
material was dry and that lectures tended to drag on. Thus, students recommended that the professor
rely less on the slides in class and try to incorporate more interactive elements into the lecture.
Prospective students can expect a moderate workload, and will gain a solid introduction to materials
science.
201
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
EN.510.202.01
Computation and Programming for Materials Scientists and Engineers
Martin Ulmschneider
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the improved fluency with MATLAB, the pre-class lectures, and
the hands-on programming applications. Many students appreciated that class time was used to work
on problems and that collaboration was encouraged. The instructions and requirements for the difficult
projects were very unclear and caused confusion about expectations. Suggestions for improvement
included distributing the projects more evenly throughout the semester and allowing more time for
their completion. Prospective students may benefit from some programming experience, and must be
prepared for significant time commitments on difficult projects.
EN.510.313.01
Mechanical Properties of Materials
Timothy Weihs
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the emphasis on working through real world applications which
helped make the material more interesting and engaging. Many students praised the professor for his
effectiveness, willingness to help students, and ability to facilitate participation. Several students
expressed frustration with the difficult and unclear computational models, while others found it hard to
keep pace with the amount of challenging content presented. Suggestions for improvement included
providing more detailed and accessible notes prior to class, and moving through lectures more slowly
with more examples. Prospective students should be prepared to read notes prior to class and attend
lecture.
EN.510.314.01
Electronic Properties of Materials
Theodore Poehler
Overall quality of the class: 3.20
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting material and the application-based approach to
the course concepts and assignments. Several students felt that the homework assignments effectively
enforced course material and helped students learn. Students agreed that lectures tended to be dull,
and that there was a lack of feedback on assignments. Suggestions for improvement included having a
TA available and providing additional practice problems. Prospective students should be prepared to
read lecture notes carefully as the material is difficult and the lectures alone may not be the most
effective.
EN.510.315.01
Physical Chemistry of Materials II
202
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
Timothy Mueller
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the well-organized class lectures, and the clear explanations
provided by the engaging and effective professor. Most students praised the professor's ability to
articulate difficult concepts and relate them to real-world applications. Concepts were reinforced
through thoughtful homework assignments, and well-constructed exams. Some students noted that the
material was difficult, and that tests required memorization of equations. Others suggested that having
more in-class practice problems as well as a wider exposure to practical applications would have been
beneficial. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy workload, and to learn the application
of new theories.
EN.510.400.01
Introduction to Ceramics
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the passionate professor and the exposure to various
applications of ceramics. While students understood that this was an introductory survey course, some
students thought that topics could have been covered in greater depth. Suggestions for improvement
included developing concepts more or minimizing the time spent on more general subject matter.
Students also suggested increasing the opportunities to learn from guest lecturers as this was an
enjoyable element of the course. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy workload but
lenient grading.
EN.510.407.01
Biomaterials II: Host response and biomaterials applications
Hai-Quan Mao
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to cutting edge developments in an interesting
field, the variety of materials covered, and the passionate and effective professor. Students appreciated
the professor's enthusiasm, and his frequent use of real-world applications. Many students thought
that there were too few homework assignments or other opportunities to practice concepts. Feedback
was not returned in a timely manner and TA's were not very helpful. Suggestions for improvement
included assigning more homework, recording lectures, and making notes more detailed. Prospective
students may benefit from taking Biomaterials I and having some background in materials science and
chemistry. Lectures are essential to success in the course.
EN.510.422.01
Micro and Nano Structured Materials & Devices
Howard Katz
203
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to cutting edge work in the field, the discussion-
based approach to class, and the applications of concepts. Many students appreciated the professor's
enthusiasm, and his ability to make class challenging and interesting. Some students struggled with the
open-ended nature of the exams and were unclear on how to prepare for them. Pop-quizzes were
stressful for some and ineffective at facilitating learning. Suggestions for improvement included using
PowerPoint in class rather than solely relying on the assigned readings, and focusing more on general
ideas and than technical details. Prospective students should be prepared to attend every class for the
important lectures and pop-quizzes.
EN.510.429.01-02
Materials Science Laboratory II
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor and the ability to apply the theories and equations
learned in class in a hands-on lab environment. Students very much enjoyed the experiments and the
familiarity they developed with a variety of devices and materials. Some students agreed that the
course was unorganized at times, and that there were equipment failures on several occasions that
made conducting the experiments difficult. Better organization and structure to the labs would have
allowed for a more efficient use of time. Prospective students should be prepared to do more writing
than expected, and to start Arduino projects as early as possible.
EN.510.430.01
Biomaterials Lab
Kalina Hristova
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the opportunity to apply principles learned in class, and the
wide range of applications presented. Students reported that while the labs were interesting, there was
not much hands-on work which would have better facilitated the learning process. In addition, students
suggested that having regular feedback on lab notebooks throughout the semester would have been
beneficial. Prospective students should be prepared to stay on top of their weekly work, and should
have a background in biomaterials.
EN.510.434.01
Senior Design/Research II
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
204
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the freedom to create and work through a project of choice, as
well as the opportunity to practice presentation skills, paper writing, and poster making. Students
credited the professor with facilitating a serious yet laid back and congenial atmosphere, while being
considerate of students when establishing deadlines. The second semester of this course was much
more hectic, and it was difficult to complete projects within the allotted time. Suggestions for
improvement included creating an alternative project track for students more interested in working for
a company than conducting academic research. Prospective students should be prepared for a more
hectic second semester, and to maintain a steady work pace throughout.
EN.510.603.01
Phase Transformations of Materials
En Ma
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.604.01
Mechanical Properties of Materials
Todd Hufnagel
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to a broad array of materials, and the professor's
succinct but clear and thorough explanations. Students remarked that the professor provided ample
and well organized class notes, practice problems, and solutions. Many students agreed that the fast
pace of lectures was hard to keep up with, and that basing the final grade only off of two exams was
anxiety inducing. Students suggested including graded homework assignments to lighten the weight of
exams, and providing more opportunities for feedback. Prospective students should be self-motivated
and prepared to complete homework assignments even if they are not graded.
EN.510.606.01
Chem Bio Properties/Mat
Margarita Herrera-Alonso
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject area, the clear and succinct lecture
highlights, and the weekly assignments. Several students felt that the homework assignments did not
always reflect the material covered in class and tended to be much more difficult than the in-class
examples. Thus, they recommended that the homework assignments be reviewed in class, and that the
in-class exercises continue to be assigned throughout the semester. Prospective students may benefit
from a background in organic chemistry, and should be aware that this course deals primarily with
polymer synthesis.
205
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
EN.510.607.01
Biomaterials II: Host response and biomaterials applications
Hai-Quan Mao
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the broad range of topics covered, the interesting lectures, and
the professor's frequent use of examples and applications to elucidate different points. Students also
appreciated the professor's use of cutting-edge research as the basis for his in-class examples. Many
students felt that feedback was minimal and not returned in a timely manner. Reviewing exams only
during office hours was inconvenient. Suggestions for improvement included making the lecture slides
clearer, more detailed, and better organized. Prospective students should note that this is an
application-based materials science class, and students may benefit from a background in organic
chemistry.
EN.510.608.01
Electrochemistry
Peter Searson
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.612.01
Solid State Physics
Theodore Poehler
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.615.01
Physical Properties of Materials
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.630.01
Molecular Simulation of Materials
Michael Falk
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
206
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
MATHEMATICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.110.106.01-02
Calculus I
Zhan Li
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the structured lectures and relatively small class size. Many students
agreed that the professor was very approachable and helpful, and that he made an effort to ensure that
students understood the material. Some students found that the class moved too quickly through
material and that there were occasional disconnects between lecture topics and TA sections. This class
could be improved by better matching the difficulty of homework to exams. Prospective students
should have a strong background in trigonometry.
AS.110.107.01-08
Calculus II (For Biological and Social Science)
Mona Merling
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
The best part of this class was the professor who was invested in students' success. Students
appreciated that the professor gave good class notes, held engaging lectures, and provided thorough
explanations of difficult concepts. Some students found the homework difficult. Others claimed that
the professor focused too much on proofs and theory rather than on application and solving problems.
Suggestions for improvement included going over more example problems in class, and tailoring
examples more towards biology students. Prospective students should know to take Calculus II for
Engineers if they want a more calculus intense class.
AS.110.109.01-05
Calculus II (For Physical Sciences and Engineering)
Nishanth Gudapati
207
MATHEMATICS
Overall quality of the class: 3.48
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the interesting and applicable material, and the professor who
was invested in students' success. Students appreciated the professor's thorough and effective lectures,
as well as the homework assignments and exams that mirrored the material covered in class. Many
students found homework to be time consuming and occasionally tedious. Suggestions for
improvement included having more examples during class, and covering applications to physics more
explicitly. Prospective students should know that PILOT and Khan Academy are helpful.
AS.110.201.01-09
Linear Algebra
Jesse Gell-redman
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the fun, clear, intelligent and easy to understand lectures.
Students praised the professor for demonstrating that he wanted students to learn the material, for
teaching the material effectively, and for grading assignments fairly. Many students found that the
homework was challenging and occasionally included material that had not yet been covered in class.
This class could be improved by offering a grading rubric for homework, and covering more clearly the
possible applications for the material covered. Prospective students should register for PILOT if they
enroll in this course.
AS.110.202.01-09
Calculus III
Yingying Zhang
Overall quality of the class: 2.24
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the intellectually challenging and highly applicable subject matter,
the helpful PILOT sessions, and the TA's who helped reinforce the material. Many students found it
difficult to follow the professor due to disorganized lecture notes, confusing explanations, and the
professor's tendency to face the board while speaking. Many students agreed that the material covered
in class was not good preparation for homework assignments or exams. Suggestions for improvement
included spending enough time on the final chapters, and giving tests that better reflect the work done
on homework and in class. Prospective students should be prepared to do a lot of independent
learning.
AS.110.212.01
Honors Linear Algebra
Giovanni Di Matteo
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
Summary:
208
MATHEMATICS
The best part about this class was that the professor ensured all his students understood the concepts
being taught, and provided thorough explanations and meticulous lecture notes. Students agreed that
the material was very interesting, and that they enjoyed working with proofs. Some students felt that
too much time was spent on easy proofs, and that the class moved too slowly in general. Suggestions
for improvement included covering more topics throughout the semester, and stating prerequisites
more clearly. Prospective students may benefit from having a foundational understanding of Linear
Algebra.
AS.110.302.01-07
Diff Equations/Applic
Jiuyi Zhu
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting and useful material, the professor's clear and
systematic teaching style, and relevance of class lectures and homework assignments to the exams.
Students also appreciated the professor's review sessions before tests. Many students found the
homework to be long and tedious, and others had difficulty understanding the professor during lecture.
This course could have been improved by allowing for more error on exams by including more than 5
questions or allowing partial credit. Prospective students should know that they should take linear
algebra and Calculus II before Differential Equations.
AS.110.304.01
Elementary Number Theory
Jian Kong
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the challenging but interesting material and the practice with
proofs that the course afforded. Students praised the professor's eagerness to help students learn, his
ability to make difficult material easily intelligible, and his helpful feedback. Some students had
problems getting to the once-per-week office hours, and others claimed that the exams were much
more difficult than the homework. This class could be improved by returning homework with graded
explanations in addition to offering students more practice exams. Prospective students should have
taken Calculus II and should be familiar with proofs.
AS.110.311.01
Complex Analysis
Vamsi Pingali
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the interesting, challenging, and widely applicable material. Many
students agreed that the professor provided detailed lectures that effectively explained the material,
and that they appreciated the daily recaps after lecture. However, many students claimed that the
professor moved too quickly through material in class and found it difficult to keep up with the pace of
209
MATHEMATICS
the course. This course could have been improved by adding a TA section and having more practice
problems available. Prospective students should have a strong foundation in Calculus III, and should be
prepared to use the textbook to prepare and reinforce concepts.
AS.110.401.01
Advanced Algebra I
Richard Brown, Steven Zucker
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best part about this course was the user-friendly textbook that made it easy for students to review
topics they were uncomfortable with. Students agreed that the professors were invested in their
students and were willing to help students work through the material. However, some students
suggested that the lectures were often disorganized and not always helpful. Many students found the
amount of homework to be overwhelming and the work to be tedious. This course could have been
improved by creating smaller problem sets for homework. Prospective students should have a strong
understanding of proofs.
AS.110.402.01
Advanced Algebra II
W Stephen Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.110.417.01
Partial Diff Equations
Joel Spruck
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.110.431.01
Knot Theory
Carl McTague
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
210
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.530.102.01
Freshman Experiences in Mechanical Engineering
Stephen Belkoff
Overall quality of the class: 3.36
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to a broad range of topics, the guest lecturers, and
the introduction to MATLAB. Students appreciated the professor's flexibility, humor, and energy in the
classroom. However, several students agreed that his teaching seemed disorganized and that topics
were presented in a very scattered way. Suggestions for improvement included expanding the MATLAB
component of the course, scaling back the amount of legal topics covered (as well as the mock trial), and
having the professor interact more with the students. Students should expect to gain a general
introduction to different areas of mechanical engineering, though with less depth and rigor than they
might want or expect.
EN.530.104.01
Introduction to Mechanics II
John Thomas
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor who successfully balanced theory and practice,
gave clear and informative presentations, and kept lectures fun and entertaining. Some students felt
that there was a disparity in difficulty between in-class work and homework, and that homework
problems were not reflective of information encountered on exams. Suggestions for improvement
included providing more practice problems that more closely resemble test questions, and returning
graded homework assignments more promptly. Prospective students should make an effort to attend
lecture, and may find that much of the material is review if they have already taken physics I.
EN.530.106.01-06
Mechanical Engineering Freshman Laboratory II
211
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Stephen Belkoff
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting and hands-on labs during which most of the
required work could be completed. Some students claimed that the work in lab occasionally preceded
the coverage of topics in class, which caused some confusion and inconsistency. Further, students
noted that the assignments usually took the full period to complete and felt rushed. Suggestions for
improvement included having more formal instruction on CAD, posting lab sheets in advance for better
student preparation, and replacing or improving some of the more tedious and repetitive labs.
Prospective students may want to consider not scheduling other classes immediately after lab in the
event that it runs over.
EN.530.150.01
Engineering Design Graphics, Visualization, and Fundamentals of CAD
Steven Marra, Charles Phinney
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the useful material covered, the helpful professors, and the
development of practical engineering skills. Students reported that they enjoyed the visit to a machine
shop, as well as the opportunity to shadow upperclassmen design teams. Some students felt that the
work was often tedious and time consuming, while others complained that there was too much drawing
and not enough exposure to CAD. Thus, they suggested that more time be dedicated to learning CAD
during the semester. Prospective students should be prepared for a moderate workload, and should be
aware that this course focuses more on drawing than 3D design. No prior background is necessary.
EN.530.202.01-04
Mechanical Engineering Dynamics
David Kraemer
Overall quality of the class: 3.13
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the manageable workload, interesting labs, and the
incorporation of previously learned concepts. Students found the course to be disorganized without
clear expectations. Many students found the course material to be repetitive and not challenging.
Suggestions for improvement included assigning practice problem sets with solutions more consistently,
returning graded assignments in a timelier manner, having scheduled labs in the curriculum, and
providing review sessions before exams. Students also suggested combining the course with Mechanics.
Prospective students with a background in physics and mechanics will find the course load manageable.
Students should dedicate more time outside of class as the material becomes more challenging.
EN.530.215.01
Mechanics-Based Design
Thao Ngyen
212
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.34
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting, well taught material and intellectually
challenging concepts directly applicable to mechanical engineering. Students found that the homework
and exams were very challenging, and that incorrect assumptions were made about students'
knowledge of mechanics and statics. Suggestions for improvement included reviewing statics at the
beginning of the semester, having assignments due later in the week so students can seek help, and
assigning easier homework that would reinforce concepts learned in lecture. Prospective students are
encouraged to attend help sessions, take good notes, and start assignments early as this course is very
challenging and time consuming.
EN.530.216.01-07
Mechanics-Based Design Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the ability to apply classroom concepts to interesting labs and a
design project. Students felt that the workload was time consuming and stressful and the scheduled
course time was inconvenient. The workload did not represent a one credit hour course, and most of
the work was concentrated toward the end of the semester. Suggestions for improvement included
allowing students to work with manufacturing machines earlier, assigning projects sooner with clear
guidelines, and providing lab time to work on design projects. Prospective students will enjoy the
opportunity to perform interesting labs and should be familiar with statics. Students are encouraged to
prepare for the significant time commitment required to complete the design project.
EN.530.241.01-04
Electronics & Instrumentation
David Kraemer
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging labs, interesting lectures and accessible instructor.
Students felt that feedback on graded assignments was not given in a timely manner and that there
were hardly any homework assignments. Suggestions for improvement included assigning homework
more regularly to practice concepts, and having graded assignments returned in a timelier manner.
Prospective students should review all lab material before lab time and practice new material as it is
learned in order to gain a clear understanding of concepts. Students should have some background
knowledge in circuits and electricity.
EN.530.334.01
Heat Transfer
Cila Herman
213
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 2.70
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting material and relevance to mechanical
engineering. The instructor was accessible and problem solving sessions were very helpful. Students
felt that the overall course was difficult, lectures were ineffective, and the professor was very soft
spoken. The grading policy was unclear and exam questions were not reflective of homework
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included having a more interactive and effective professor
teach the course, solving more problems in class, and hosting regular problem solving sessions.
Prospective students are encouraged to take this course only if required by major. The course is difficult
and students should use the textbook as a reference and work practice problems outside of class.
EN.530.335.01-04
Heat Transfer Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the labs that reinforced concepts learned in class and the
engaging TA's. Students felt that labs were boring, most of lab time was spent waiting, and the lab
reports were time consuming. Suggestions for improvement included using lecture time to explain
concepts, incorporating group problem solving sessions, decreasing the length of lab write-ups, and
making labs more interesting and involved. Prospective students are encouraged to take this course
only if required by major and to start lab reports as early as possible. There are significant amounts of
downtime in lab so students should plan accordingly.
EN.530.343.01-04
Design and Analysis of Dynamical Systems
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging, accessible instructor who was able to explain
concepts well. Students felt that the homework assignments, lab reports, and exams were too long and
difficult. The overall course was very challenging. Suggestions for improvement included having more
example problems and scheduling regular problem solving sessions. Students also suggested assigning
less difficult homework and following the order of concepts presented in the textbook. Prospective
students should be comfortable with linear algebra, differential equations, statics and dynamics.
Students are encouraged to attend all lectures and dedicate a significant amount of time for
independent study as course material is difficult.
EN.530.354.01
Manufacturing Engineering
Yury Ronzhes
214
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 3.05
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the manageable workload and the interesting, hands-on labs.
Students felt that feedback was not given in a timely manner, the course was unorganized, and the
professor was hard to understand which made lecture ineffective. Suggested feedback included
increasing the organization of the course so that expectations and deadlines are clear, increasing the
level of student interaction during lecture, and assigning a more easily understood professor to teach
the course. Prospective students will get a good overview of the most common manufacturing
processes in the industry. Prospective students will find the textbook helpful and the workload
manageable.
EN.530.381.01
Engineering Design Process
Nathan Scott
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the hands-on elements through which students learned useful
techniques in preparation for senior design. Students felt that the time commitment was overwhelming
and the course was not structured with clear expectations. Suggestions for improvement included
having more consistently graded reports, organizing the course so that students are able to join a design
team at the beginning of the process, and defining the structure and expectations of students joining
teams. Prospective students are recommended to take this course in order to practice engineering skills
useful in preparation for senior design.
EN.530.404.01
Engineering Design Project II
Nathan Scott
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the application of skills, real project design experience, and
collaborative environment. Students felt that the time commitment was significant with an
overwhelming workload, and that feedback was vague and inconsistent. Some students also felt that
the instructor was condescending and that advice was inconsistent. Suggestions for improvement
included adding an additional instructor, having earlier machine shop training, giving clearer more
reasonable expectations for project progress, and increasing the credit hours assigned for the course.
Prospective students are encouraged to plan well, pick teammates carefully, and start building early.
Students should be prepared to dedicate a significant amount of time to projects.
EN.530.410.01
Biomechanics of the Cell
Sean Sun
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
215
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting course concepts and opportunity to gain a better
mechanical understanding of the cell. Students found the material to be challenging, dense, and
mathematically intense. Homework was difficult and required a lot of supplemental research.
Suggestions for improvement included covering fewer topics covered more in depth, providing more
supplemental material, and focusing less on derivations and more on applications of equations.
Prospective students should be aware of the significant focus on mathematics and should be
comfortable with statistics.
EN.530.421.01-03
Mechatronics
Charbel Rizk
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the challenging design project and the knowledgeable
instructor. Students felt that the class was too early in the morning and the project was too difficult.
Assignment expectations and deadlines were not clear and lectures were not helpful or applicable to
projects. Suggestions for improvement included allowing students to pick project teams, having grades
reflect effort over competition rankings, teaching more focused and relevant lectures, and hosting
workshops on how to use the required technology. Prospective students should be prepared for a
heavy course load and are encouraged to choose teammates carefully. A background in CAD, Arduino,
programming, and manufacturing would be helpful.
EN.530.425.01
Mechanics of Flight
Kerri Phillips
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting course material, consistent weekly feedback, and
real world experience introduced by an engaging and effective professor. Some students found the
equation derivations to be tedious and the assignment questions too theoretical. Suggestions for
improvement included applying equations to problems, providing students with corrected information
not found in the textbook, adding supplemental resources, and having clearer guidelines for
presentations and assignments. Prospective students should be aware the course is mathematics based
and focused on understanding concepts. Students interested in aeronautical or aerospace engineering
are encouraged to take this course.
EN.530.441.01
Introduction to Biophotonics
Ishan Barman
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
216
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting subject matter and knowledgeable, enthusiastic
professor who provided a good overview of various imaging modalities. Students felt that the pace of
the course was fast and the learning curve was very steep. Students also felt assumptions were made
on student knowledge base and background. Suggestions for improvement included working more
practice problems in lecture, and providing more opportunities to check on student progress and
provide feedback. Prospective students should be prepared for a challenging course and have
experience with optics, photonics, and imaging techniques.
EN.530.464.01
Energy Systems Analysis
Dennice Gayme
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
Students enjoyed the opportunity to research topics of interest, have exposure to a number of
interesting materials, and gain a better understanding of how the power grid works. Many students
noted that the professor was very passionate about the material and teaching the class. Some students
felt that the instructor was unapproachable and that expectations for the final project were not very
clear. Suggestions for improvement included allowing students to review final topics before submitting
a proposal and assigning weekly articles relevant to course topics. Prospective students should be
engineering majors interested in energy and have a working knowledge of circuits.
EN.530.470.01
Space Vehicle Dynamics & Control
Timothy McGee, Martin Ozimek
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting and creative assignments, the opportunities to
practice MATLAB and the professors who were able to present real world experience. Students felt that
lectures were hard to pay attention to at times, homework was time consuming, and the overall course
was very challenging. Many students found the second half of the semester to be confusing.
Suggestions for improvement included decreasing the amount of MATLAB on homework assignments
and creating a more interactive lecture experience. Prospective students should be aware that the
course is very challenging, and students should be proficient in MATLAB.
EN.530.606.01
Mechanics of Solids and Materials II
Jaafar El-Awady
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
217
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.618.01
Fabricatology- Advanced Materials Processing
Sung hoon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the motivating instructor, well-prepared lectures, clear
expectations, and introduction to research paper analysis. Students felt that the exams were hard and
difficult to study for, the grading was harsh, and the amount of information presented in the course was
overwhelming. Suggestions for improvement included having review sessions before exams, adding a
lab component to the course to apply concepts learned in class, and providing clearer feedback and
expectations for graded assignments. Prospective students should have a background in basic materials
science and should attend all classes.
EN.530.622.01
Fluid Dynamics II
Tamer Zaki
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.632.01
Convection
Charles Meneveau
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.664.01
Energy Systems Analysis (graduate)
Dennice Gayme
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.672.01
Biosensing & BioMEMS
Jeff Wang
Overall quality of the class: 3.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's experience, the interesting labs and interactive
lectures, and the opportunity to learn applicable skills and fabrication techniques. Students felt that
218
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
there were not enough homework assignments to practice concepts or enough time in the course to
apply techniques learned. Suggestions for improvement included having more supplemental resources
available and decreasing the amount of material covered in order to cover fewer concepts more in
greater depth. Prospective students interested in microfabrication and biosensing will find this course
challenging and focused more on biomedical engineering.
EN.530.678.01
Nonlinear Control and Planning in Robotics
Marin Kobilarov
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the final project that allowed students to apply all of the
concepts learned throughout the course. Students found the material to be very challenging and felt
that the overall theory was not emphasized enough. Suggestions for improvement included having
more straight forward homework questions, assigning a textbook for the course, and making
introduction to nonlinear systems a prerequisite in order to spend more time on other concepts.
Prospective students should have a strong background in mathematics and be comfortable with
programming, especially MATLAB. Students should also be prepared for a steep learning curve.
EN.530.684.01
Orientation mapping of Crystalline Materials
Kevin Hemker
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.707.01
Robot System Programming
Louis Whitcomb
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.710.01
Optical Measurement Techniques
Joseph Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.730.01
Finite Element Methods
Somnath Ghosh
219
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.732.01
Fracture of Materials
Kaliat Ramesh
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the expert knowledge of the instructor and the clear articulation
of the basics of fracture mechanics. Students felt that expectations for assignments were not clear and
that the course could have been organized better so that all of the topics in the syllabus were covered.
Suggestions for improvement included having better feedback on graded assignments and providing
more opportunities for problem solving in order to apply theories learned. Prospective students should
allocate enough time to complete assignments as the course is challenging. Students should be
comfortable with continuum mechanics and applied mathematics.
EN.530.762.01
Advanced Math Methods for Engineers
Andrea Prosperetti
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.767.01
Computational Fluid Dynamics
Rajat Mittal
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
220
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
MILITARY SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.374.102.01-02
Introduction to Leadership II
David Yi
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
Students enjoyed CPT Yi's ability to help them develop through instruction on leadership and teamwork.
Students appreciated the conversational nature of the class, as well as the applicability of skills acquired
to non-military contexts. Some students felt that they would have benefitted from having more graded
work in this course. Students would also have benefitted from more application of the concepts
presented in class. Prospective students should know CPT Yi is willing to consider your workload in
other courses prior to giving you assignments.
AS.374.120.01
Basic Leadership Laboratory II
Rodney Graves, Timothy ONeil
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
The best part about this class was that it taught students how to learn and grow from mistakes through
the mentorship the cadre provided. Students appreciated the hands-on approach to learning as well as
the variety of skills presented. Students felt that this class could be improved by having more graded
assignments and familiarization with Army protocol. Prospective students should have a base
understanding of the Army and how it is run prior to taking this course. Basic Leadership Laboratory II is
run by Army ROTC.
AS.374.202.01-02
Leadership & Teamwork II
Rodney Graves, Timothy ONeil
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
221
MILITARY SCIENCE
Summary:
The best part about this class was that it provided a foundational understanding of what having career in
the military entails. Students enjoyed the application of leadership theory to real tactical situations.
Some students felt this class would have benefitted from having clearer guidelines and expectations for
assignments. A way to improve this class and the confusion surrounding expectations would be to
provide each student with copies of DA PAM 600-67 and AR 25-50 so they have a better understanding
of the military writing process. Prospective students should know this course is geared toward
sophomore ROTC students.
AS.374.220.01
Advanced Team Leadership
Rodney Graves, Timothy ONeil
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best part about this course was that the instructors were enthusiastic and gave cadets more insight
on what life in the military entails. Students appreciated the opportunity to practice career-relevant
skills, and found the competitions between squads to be entertaining and motivating. Some students
felt that too little time and focus was spent on tactics, and that the work was often redundant. Further,
students claimed that lectures often consisted merely of reviewing the materials read for homework.
Suggestions for improvement included having a more organized Blackboard site. Prospective students
should note that the reading based quizzes were very important, and students not in ROTC will be at a
disadvantage.
AS.374.302.01-02
Leadership and Tactics
Paul Carroll, Rodney Graves, David Norman, Bart Sime
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.307.01
Leadership in Military History
David Normand
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.320.01
Advanced Tactical Leadership
Rodney Graves, David Normand, Bart Sime, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
222
MILITARY SCIENCE
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.402.01
Adaptive Leadership/Professionalism
Paul Carroll, Rodney Graves, David Normand
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.402.01
Being a Platoon Leader
Paul Carroll, Glen Stambone
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.420.01
Advanced Organizational Planning
Paul Carroll, Rodney Graves, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
223
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
MUSEUM AND SOCIETY PROGRAMS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.389.105.01
Freshman Seminar: Art in the Museum
Jennifer Kingsley
Overall quality of the class: 3.00
Summary:
The best parts about this course were the frequent field trips to various museums in the area for hands-
on experience and the interactions with the professionals. Students appreciated having the option to
edit and resubmit essays that they did poorly on. Some students felt that the feedback they received on
assignments was vague, assignments were posted at the last minute, and there was a frequent
disconnect between material covered and assignment expectations. Suggestions for improvement
included spending more time on discussions and providing more clear guidelines or expectations.
Prospective students should know that there is usually a weekly writing assignment.
AS.389.202.01
Introduction to the Museum: Issues and Ideas
Jennifer Kingsley
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging and interesting professor who carefully crafted the
syllabus and led lively discussions. Students enjoyed the diverse topics covered, as well as the trips to
museums that reinforced many of the concepts introduced. Some students felt that class would benefit
from starting with a short lecture to highlight important ideas and subtle points in order to improve the
quality of class discussions. This class would benefit from having shorter, more concise readings, more
guest speakers, and assignments distributed more evenly throughout the semester. Prospective
students should know that this class will require a lot of reading and participation.
AS.389.250.01
Conservation of Material Culture: Art, Artifacts and Heritage Sites
Elizabeth Rodini, Lorraine Trusheim
224
MUSEUM AND SOCIETY PROGRAMS
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
Students enjoyed the field trips that made this class come to life. Students appreciated the connections
that they were able to make with conservation professionals working in institutions around the city, as
well as the exposure to real conservation labs. Some students had trouble taking tests on Blackboard,
and others claimed that some of the readings seemed redundant. This class could be improved by
having more hands on activities to practice conservation of material and incorporating perspectives
from people in other disciplines, such as art history, materials science, or chemistry. Prospective
students should know that this course involves frequent field trips, and that required readings are
manageable.
AS.389.275.01
Interpreting Sites & Collections: An Introduction to Museum Education
Elizabeth Maloney
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.389.335.01
Recreating Ancient Greek Ceramics
Sanchita Balachandran
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interactive, hands-on approach to this course that introduced them to the process
of pottery creation and allowed them to handle objects from museums. Students found the
supplemental readings to be concise and relevant to their hands-on experiences. Some students
struggled to keep up with the frequent small assignments, and others felt that the production process
was rushed. Suggestions for improvement included providing more feedback, having fewer
assignments, and minimizing lecture time. Prospective students should know that they will be applying
archeology, chemistry, and material science in this course. This course was highly recommended.
AS.389.359.01
Literary Archive
Gabrielle Dean
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
225
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.376.111.01-02
Rudiments- Music Theory
Faye Chiao
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
The best part about this course was the fun, engaging and enthusiastic professor who was invested in
her students' success. Students praised the professor for tailoring lectures to the needs of the students,
and for creating a relaxed yet rigorous classroom environment. Some students found the homework
assignments to be tedious and cumbersome, and the pace of the class to be very fast. This class could
be improved by slowing down for beginners, and by awarding participation points for completing the
worksheets. Prospective students should know this class offers a pressure free environment to learn
music theory.
AS.376.211.01
Music Theory I
Joshua Bornfield
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.376.211.02
Music Theory I
Faye Chiao
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.376.212.01
Music Theory II
226
MUSIC
Travis Hardaway
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject matter as well as the intelligent and
approachable professor. Students appreciated the professor's flexibility with assignment deadlines as
well as his willingness to help struggling students. Some students found the class to be disorganized at
times. Others claimed that the textbook was ineffective and did not mirror what was discussed in class.
Suggestions for improvement included more availability for office hours and having more student
participation in class. Prospective students should know that the course is great, as long they do the
homework and study for tests.
AS.376.222.01
Musicianship II
Kip Wile
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.376.231.01-03
Western Classical Music
Richard Giarusso
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best parts about this class were the small class size and interesting material taught. Students
agreed that the professor delivered enthusiastic and informative lectures, and gave helpful feedback to
students. Some students struggled with the listening quizzes. Others claimed that there was a
disconnect between the subjects covered in class and the material included on exams. This course could
be improved by giving grade updates throughout the semester, defining expectations and materials for
quizzes and exams more clearly, and having more performance lectures. Prospective students should be
good at quickly identifying and recognizing music.
AS.376.245.01
Introduction to Sound, Audio, and Recording Arts
Andrew Stella
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting material and the hands-on approach to learning
sound recording. Students appreciated the valuable lessons on sound editing and production, the
enjoyable assignments, and the visit to the Peabody studios. Many students found the lectures to be
dense, overly technical, and not very engaging. Suggestions for improvement included having more lab
227
MUSIC
sessions and hands-on opportunities, abbreviating the sections on history, and making lectures more
interactive. Prospective students should know that this class is interesting and technical.
AS.376.258.01
Jazz Improvisation and Theory
Ian Sims
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best part about this class was the opportunity to apply concepts learned through in-class music
performance. Students noted that the class was half lecture and half song playing, which helped to
reinforce concepts and improve improvisational abilities. Some students found the lectures to be
boring, because they lacked interaction and moved too quickly through some difficult aspects of the
theory. Others noted that the class was not useful for vocalists or drummers. Suggestions for
improvement included making lecture more interactive, listening to more jazz, and playing a wider
variety of songs. Prospective students should know this is a fun and interactive course that requires no
jazz background.
AS.376.308.01
Meet the Musician: Today's Classical Musician
Melissa Wertheimer
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The best part about this class is the opportunity to interact with with Peabody musicians and
contemporary composers. Students appreciated the intimate live performances, as well as the
opportunities to enhance and rethink their understanding of music. Some students felt that the
assigned readings were too long and uninteresting, and that the professor occasionally strayed from the
material to espouse personal opinions. This class could be improved by having more class interaction,
and having less commentary from the professor during presentations. Prospective students should
know it is great for those interested in talking to composers and performers.
228
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.670.623.01
Advanced NanoBio Tutorials
Peter Searson
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.670.628.01
Advanced NanoBio Tutorials II
Peter Searson
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.670.630.01
Cancer Nanotechnology Training Center (CNTC) Tutorial
Peter Searson
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
229
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.130.116.01
Freshman Seminar: Ritual and Magic in Ancient Egypt
Meredith Fraser
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best part of this freshman seminar was the dynamic, engaging and inviting classroom environment
fostered by the professor. Some students found the readings to be heavy and dry, and as a result class
discussion lagged at times. This course could be improved by incorporating quizzes and giving students
an introduction to college level reading. Prospective students should know that most of the course
focused on comparing the academic theory of religion/ritual and magic to ancient Egyptian religion. A
significant amount of reading was required for this course and exams contained a written essay
component.
AS.130.170.01
Diplomacy and Conflict in the Ancient Middle East
Jacob Lauinger
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best part of this course was the engaging, fun and enthusiastic lectures. The professor was
approachable and a fair grader. Some students felt that the final exam grade was weighted too heavily
and that the lectures were too long and dry. This course could be improved by having a smaller class
size to facilitate class discussion, and having more assignments contribute to the overall course grade.
Prospective students should know this class provided a great learning environment that did not require
any prior background in diplomacy and conflict.
AS.130.202.01
Ancient Mythology
Paul DelNero
230
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best part about this course was that the professor taught engaging, dynamic and interesting
lectures on Mesopotamian and Biblical texts. Some students were frustrated that the course did not
always keep pace with the syllabus. This course could be improved by providing students with a
summary of Mesopotamian history and information on Egyptian gods at the beginning of the semester.
Prospective students are not required to have a background in mythology or Near East studies to do well
in this course.
AS.130.313.01
History of Egypt from ca. 1200-30 BCE
Richard Jasnow
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.130.346.01
Introduction to the History of Rabbinic Literature
David Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting material, knowledgeable professor, and small class
size. Students would have preferred more opportunities for class participation and clearer guidelines
regarding assignments. Lectures were hard to take notes on as the material did not follow a clear path.
Suggestions for improvement also included providing students with a more structured course outline.
Prospective students are not required to have any previous experience with Rabbinic literature or
Jewish history.
AS.130.354.01
Archaeological Method and Theory
Michael Harrower
Overall quality of the class: 3.31
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that it provided a broad overview and covered a range of topics
associated with course material. The readings were informative and helpful. Some students found
lectures to be disorganized and assignment instructions unclear. This course could be improved by
having a seminar style discussion for key readings and focusing more on methods and less on theory.
Prospective students interested in pursuing an archeology major are encouraged to take this course
early on in their undergraduate career.
AS.130.357.01
Geographic Information Systems in Archaeology
231
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
Michael Harrower
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting topics and lectures, and opportunity to work
with real data on the final project. This class was extremely well organized; however, some students felt
they would have benefitted from having more guidance on the final project. Many students had no
prior experience working with ArcGis and there was no introduction. This course could be improved by
having more time for lab work throughout the semester, and presenting lectures in a more cohesive
manner. Prospective students should be familiar with ArcGIS and CAD.
232
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
NEUROSCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.080.203.01
Cognitive Neuroscience
Soojin Park
Overall quality of the class: 2.92
Summary:
The best part about this course was that the class lecture slides and Panapto recordings were available
to use for studying throughout the semester. Students enjoyed the material covered in class as well as
the manageable workload. Many students found that the professor reading slides in class made it hard
for them to stay focused, and that the exams seemed to test rote memorization over understanding.
This course could be improved by having a more interactive lecture format and providing students with
past exams. Prospective students should know that taking Intro to Neuroscience is highly suggested
before enrolling.
AS.080.250.01-04
Neuroscience Laboratory
Linda Gorman, Jason Trageser
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
Students' favorite part of this course was the hands on learning with engaging and passionate
professors. Students reported that they enjoyed the lab procedures (especially the dissections) and that
the labs reinforced concepts learned in class. Many students were frustrated with the inability to study
for the lab practical, which accounted for 50% of their grade. This class could have been improved by
having more practicals and shortening the segment on Aplysia. Prospective students should know this
course is better suited for students that have experience in this field. All students by the end of the
semester will gain a thorough understanding of the anatomy of the brain and how some of its functions
work.
AS.080.303.01
Structure of the Nervous System
233
NEUROSCIENCE
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the class: 4.92
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was its informative and detailed lectures. Some students felt the course
was content heavy and the weekly quizzes required consistent independent study. This class would
benefit from having review sessions prior to tests and including more practice tests with answer keys
online. Prospective students should have a background in molecular and cell biology. Students should
be prepared to dedicate a significant amount of time to study concepts and should be very comfortable
with topics addressed in Nervous Systems.
AS.080.304.01
Neuroscience Learning and Memory
Arnold Bakker
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was the small class size that allowed for a significant amount of professor-
student interaction. Some students found the textbook disorganized and the amount of information on
exams was overwhelming. Suggestions for improvement included providing more study questions,
simplifying lecture slides to include main topics, and holding class earlier in the day. Prospective
students interested in learning and memory are encouraged to take this course. Students should have
completed Nervous Systems before enrolling.
AS.080.306.01
The Nervous System II
Stewart Hendry, Haiqing Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was the passionate, knowledgeable professor who taught up-to-date
subject matter. This class also offered Saturday review sessions. Many students felt the work load was
heavy and the material was challenging. This class could be improved by ensuring that PowerPoint
slides and lecture material match, allowing students to drop one quiz grade, and having Dr. Hendry
teach all lectures. Prospective students should be prepared for a work intensive class.
AS.080.320.01
The Auditory System
Dana Boatman
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the phenomenal guest speakers and exams that reflected
material taught in lecture. Some students had problems with group presentations being too heavily
234
NEUROSCIENCE
weighted and some of the guest lecturers were hard to understand. This class could be improved by
having more course discussions. Prospective students should know this is an amazing class with a
reasonable work load. Students should have a background in neuroscience anatomy.
AS.080.322.01
Cellular and Molecular Biology of Sensation
Paul Fuchs, Samer Hattar, Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspect of this class included students' exposure to guest lecturers at the top of the field. Many
students struggled with adapting to some of the different teaching styles and the length of time taken to
grade exams. This course could be improved by returning students' exams in a timely manner, having
better guidelines for student presentations, and standardizing exam questions. Prospective students
will find this course intellectually stimulating and should have taken both Nervous Systems courses prior
to enrolling.
AS.080.333.01
Writing About the Nervous System
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
Students enjoyed the professor's mentorship in developing scientific writing skills. Some students found
grading subjective and thought they could have benefited from more workshop time on scientific
writing. This course could be improved by offering a grading rubric and scheduling more professor-
student meetings to evaluate writings. Prospective students should have a solid background in
neuroscience and be committed to the writing and editing process. This course was highly
recommended.
AS.080.357.01
Developmental Neuroscience
Mohamed Farah
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.080.370.01
The Cerebellum: Is it just for motor control?
John Desmond
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
235
NEUROSCIENCE
The best part of this class was the engaging and interesting material which was presented in an
organized manner. Some students had issue with the fact that office hours were on the medical campus
and lectures had the tendency to be boring and repetitive. This class could be improved by having
clearer guidelines on grading criteria, offering office hours on the Homewood campus, and incorporating
interactive aspects into the lectures. Prospective students should have some background in
neuroscience.
AS.080.401.01-02
Research Practicum: KEEN (Kids Enjoying Exercise Now)- Community Based L
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best part about this class was getting to work with kids and give back to the Baltimore community.
Some students found that communication was difficult and there were not enough opportunities to visit
the site. This class could benefit from having a system set up so that kids have the opportunity to
interact with each other in groups. Other suggestions included better preparing students with
information and protocols on how to interact with children diagnosed with neurological disorders.
Prospective students should know this is an extremely rewarding class.
AS.080.402.01
Teaching Practicum: Making Neuroscience Fun (MNF)
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.90
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.080.403.01
Research Practicum: HopKids- Kennedy Krieger Institute
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
The best part about this class was getting to work with kids at the Kennedy Krieger Institute. Some
students would have liked the opportunity to visit the site more than three times during the semester.
This course could be improved by offering more volunteer opportunities during the week and more
frequently during the semester. Prospective students should know this course is super fun and
rewarding. The course is pass/fail and based on attendance during three student chosen sessions at
Kennedy Krieger Institute.
AS.080.404.01
Research Practicum: HopKids- Children's Center
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
236
NEUROSCIENCE
Summary:
The best part about this class was getting to interact with kids prior to their appointments at the
Children's Center. Some students were frustrated because there were too many volunteers and little
clinical exposure. The course time slots to attend practicum were limited to two days per week. This
course could be improved by limiting how many people can volunteer each day. Prospective students
should know this is a fun and stress-free way to start your day.
237
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
PHILOSOPHY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.150.118.01-04
Introduction to Formal Logic
Justin Bledin
Overall quality of the class: 4.02
Summary:
Students enjoyed Professor Bledin's well run, insightful lectures on interesting subject matter. Students
appreciated that the lectures were well prepared and that the slides served as a useful, comprehensive
resource. The workload for this course was extremely manageable. Many students agreed that the
material was very difficult, and that the homework was graded too harshly. Suggestions for
improvement included providing more example proofs, and having more lenient and consistent grading.
Prospective students should know the course material is relevant for computer science students as well
as those intending to take the LSAT.
AS.150.205.01; 03
Introduction to the History of Modern Philosophy
Michael Williams
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity for students to learn about interesting, thought
provoking concepts. Some students felt lectures moved too fast and the overall course was intellectually
challenging. This course could be improved by incorporating secondary sources on philosophy for
students to better understand ideas, and spending more time on difficult theories and concepts in class.
Prospective students should know this lecture based course requires a lot of reading. Students are
encouraged to take thorough notes in class and work hard on papers well before the due date.
AS.150.220.01-03
Introduction to Moral Philosophy
L Nandi Theunissen
238
PHILOSOPHY
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best part about this course was the inspiring readings and supplemental information that reinforced
course topics. The professor went to great lengths to ensure that all students were able to comprehend
complicated material by providing concise and easily understood outlines. Many students found the
readings to be long and dense. Course sections were too large and some students felt they were
unnecessary. This course could be improved by encouraging more discussion in class and providing
lecture recordings. Prospective students should have taken introduction to philosophy and will find the
course interesting.
AS.150.237.01-02
Foundations of Modern Political Philosophy
Dean Moyar
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the friendly open discussions, engaging and interesting course
material, and the professor who provided students with a solid foundation in modern political
philosophy. Students found lectures to be boring at times and felt there was not enough guidance on
how to write philosophical essays. This course could be improved by focusing more in depth on fewer
philosophers and encouraging more debate and class discussion. Prospective students should know that
course grading is tough but rewrites for papers are allowed. Understanding how to read and critique
philosophy is critical.
AS.150.248.01-02
Introduction to Metaphysics
Yitzhak Melamed
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
Students found lectures to be engaging, and funny. The professor was knowledgeable, and ensured that
students were easily able to comprehend the material that was covered. Many students felt they did
not receive enough feedback on their assignments, expectations were not clear for writing assignments,
and the course was disorganized. This course could be improved by adhering to the syllabus more
strictly and facilitating more structured class discussions. Prospective students should have a
background in philosophy and keep up with all course readings in order to do well in this course.
AS.150.300.01
Prometheus Editorial Workshop
Kevin Powell
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
239
PHILOSOPHY
The best aspects of this course included the variety of philosophical topics explored and the manageable
workload. Students enjoyed the flexibility of the course and the opportunity to think critically. Many
students felt they did not get enough feedback on their work and weren't able to gage how well they
were doing in the course. Suggestions for improvement included scheduling the course for the entire
semester, providing feedback after each assignment, and having the opportunity to read more papers.
Prospective students should know this class lasts only 6 weeks and it is helpful to have a background in
philosophy.
AS.150.317.01
Undergraduate Seminar for Philosophy Majors: Recent Works in Skepticism
Michael Williams
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best part of this course was the professor's willingness to help students, expert knowledge and
engaging lectures. This course is intellectually challenging. Some students found the expectations for
the final paper unclear and little feedback on student performance throughout the semester. This
course could be improved by offering students time to have small group discussions prior to lecture, and
scheduling the class to meet twice a week instead of once. Prospective students should be prepared for
a challenging course with a significant amount of reading. Students will also find that background
knowledge of Descartes would be beneficial to understanding course material.
AS.150.322.02
Emotion, Mind & Morality
Marianna Bergamaschi Ganapini
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting material and laid-back classroom environment.
The professor encouraged class participation and the reading summaries helped students better
understand and grasp concepts. Class discussion was difficult at times due to the wide range of
students' familiarity with philosophical concepts. Students enjoyed the course and suggested restricting
class enrollment to those students with a background in philosophy. Prospective students are
encouraged to complete readings and summaries in advance as the workload can be demanding.
AS.150.403.01
Hellenistic Philosophy
Richard Bett
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging course lectures and the professor's strong
background and expert knowledge in subject matter. Students received sufficient feedback on their
work in this class. Some students would have liked to have more interactive discussions and suggested
rearranging class seating to be more conducive to discussion. Other suggestions included supplying
240
PHILOSOPHY
students with supplemental materials to study concepts more in depth. Prospective students will find
that a background in Greek Philosophy is helpful.
AS.150.414.01
Topics in Political Philosophy: Justice and Pluralism
Dean Moyar
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting course material and small class size that encouraged insightful class
discussions. Some students felt the assigned readings were long and difficult. Suggestions for
improvement included scheduling class for a shorter time more frequently throughout the week,
starting the course with a review of relevant basic philosophical concepts, and providing feedback on
weekly reading assignments. Prospective students are encouraged to have a background in political and
moral philosophy.
AS.150.467.01
Philosophic Logic
Justin Bledin
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting material, wide range of logical arguments, and clear presentations of
course concepts. Students felt the workload was unevenly distributed throughout the semester and
heavy with dense readings and two final assignments. Suggestions for improvement included regularly
enforcing course material through repetition in lectures. Prospective students are encouraged to
contribute opinions and perspectives during class discussions and attend all lectures.
AS.150.468.01
Global Food Ethics
Yashar Saghai
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The best part of this course was the engaging and interesting material. This course had a small class size
that provided for strong self-guided discussions. Some students found it frustrating that paper topics
were distributed only one week prior to the due date and feedback was not returned in a timely
manner. This course could be improved by distributing writing assignments at least two weeks in
advance, allowing computers in the classroom in order to access assigned readings, and discussing
papers more thoroughly in class. Prospective students should take in-depth notes on their readings and
should be prepared to lead discussion three times within the semester.
AS.150.476.01
Philosophy and Cognitive Science
Steven Gross
241
PHILOSOPHY
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.150.479.01
The Ethics of Making Babies
Travis Rieder
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings and thought provoking discussions.
Some students found the readings to be long and dense. The student presentations seemed to be off
topic and ineffective due to a lack of guidelines. Suggestions for improvement included having more
short response homework, providing students with grading rubrics, and incorporating more class
structure concerning student presentations. Prospective students should be open minded and prepared
for a discussion based course. Previous experience with philosophy is helpful, but not required.
242
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.171.101.01-06
General Physics: Physical Science Major I
Andrei Gritsan
Overall quality of the class: 3.32
Summary:
The best part about this class was the engaging and informative in-class demonstrations. Students
appreciated the professor's efforts to account for the diverse backgrounds of the students, and
accessibility to students seeking help. Some students struggled to use WileyX for their homework, and
others found that the homework and class assignments did not adequately prepare them for exams.
Suggestions for improvement included more guidance and examples for approaching and solving physics
problems, as well as more engaging and informative lectures. Prospective students should know that it's
beneficial to have taken Physics previously.
AS.171.102.01-10
General Physics: Physical Science Majors II
Collin Broholm
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
The best parts about this course included a dynamic instructor that presented interesting and
challenging course material. Students appreciated having SmartPhysics and Piazza available to them as
resources. Many students found the amount of homework assigned to be excessive. Suggestions for
improvement included doing more in-class examples and giving tests that better reflect the material
covered in class. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy workload, and may benefit from
having taken Calculus III and differential equations prior to taking this course. Piazza messaging is also
extremely helpful for this course.
AS.171.104.01-10
General Physics/ Biology Majors II
Norman Armitage
243
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
The best part about this course was Professor Armitage's enthusiastic lectures, with live demonstrations
during many class sessions. Students appreciated the professor's approachability and his willingness to
make himself available for students needing help. Some students found it difficult to complete
homework assignments because the content often went beyond what lecture covered, while others
claimed that the professor seemed disorganized. This course could have been improved by offering
students feedback on their exams, and providing practice exams. Prospective students should know it is
beneficial to take Calculus III prior to enrollment.
AS.171.106.01-02
Electricity and Magnetism I
Mark Robbins
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best part about this course was the engaging material and accessible professor who showed that he
cared about students and wanted them to do well. Many students felt the textbook did not help them
with exams. The course was challenging and the assignments were time consuming. This course could
be improved by lightening the workload and providing students with more in-class examples and
assigned practice problems. Prospective students should have taken Calculus III. It is important to stay
up to date on the course readings.
AS.171.108.01-04
General Physics for Physical Science Majors (AL)
Petar Maksimovic
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best parts about this course were the in-class demonstrations and interactive course lectures. The
website, Piazza allowed students to get help from the instructor and TAs. Many students felt that this
class moved too fast and the workload was overwhelming. Suggestions for improvement included
having clear grading rubrics, explaining concepts in depth, and working practice problems during
lectures. Prospective students should make use of past exams found in the library to study. A strong
background in Calculus III is also important to doing well.
AS.171.118.01
Stars and the Universe: Cosmic Evolution
Adam Riess
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
244
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
The best part about this course was being taught by a Nobel Prize winner. Professor Riess' passion for
the subject was embodied in his engaging, and insightful teaching style. Many students found the
course to be fast paced, and the homework challenging and not reflective of exam material. There was
no syllabus for the course and the labs were weather dependent. This course could be improved by
offering students more lab time, having less emphasis on mathematics, and incorporating better
assignments that reflect exam problems. Prospective students should know that a strong understanding
of chemistry and geometry are important.
AS.171.202.01
Modern Physics
Chia Ling Chien
Overall quality of the class: 3.16
Summary:
The best parts about this course were the interesting, applicable material covered, the engaging
professor and the introduction to quantum physics. Many students found grading to be inconsistent
without any feedback, and assignments were not reflective of lecture topics or exam questions. This
course could be improved by having better communication between the instructor and TA and ensuring
that assignments enforced lecture topics and prepare students for exams. Prospective students should
have a solid background in mechanics and should be prepared for a challenging course.
AS.171.204.01
Classical Mechanics II
Julian Krolik
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
The best part about this class were the well prepared and organized lectures. The course material was
very interesting. Some students felt the tests were much harder than the homework, and the lectures
where dry and hard to follow. This course could be improved by having more supplemental reading
sources available to students, less time consuming exams, and decreasing the pace when covering more
difficult topics. Prospective students should know that this class is engaging and challenging. A solid
background in mathematics and physics would be helpful.
AS.171.304.01-02
Quantum Mechanics II
Oleg Tchernyshyov
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the instructor's strong understanding of the topic and willingness
to help students. Lectures were well structured and concepts were taught clearly and effectively. Some
students found mathematical derivations tedious and the homework assignments were challenging.
Many students felt this course could be improved by using a different textbook and having more
245
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
conceptual discussions on topics before performing mathematical derivations. Prospective students
should have a strong foundation in basic quantum mechanics and calculus.
AS.171.410.01
Physical Cosmology
Charles Bennett
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the intriguing course material, the mathematical rigor, intellectually
stimulating scientific ideas, and expert knowledge of the professor. Some students felt lectures were
dry and there was not enough explanation on how to properly do equations. This course could be
improved by posting homework solutions online and assigning homework that better reflects exam
questions. Prospective students are strongly encouraged to have taken Linear Algebra, Calculus, III and
Physics.
AS.171.411.01
Light and Optics
Brice Menard
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the Professor's effective teaching style and willingness to cover
topics students were interested in. Lectures were engaging and students conducted multiple
experiments in class. Some students found the lab assessments to be unclear and disorganized.
Lectures and labs usually ran late and overall course expectations were unclear. This course could be
improved by giving students more feedback on their work, assigning regular homework problems, and
providing students with a clear syllabus at the beginning of the semester. Prospective students should
have a background in physics. The course grade is based on tests, lab work, and class presentations.
AS.171.606.01
Quantum Mechanics
Nina Markovic
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.610.01
Numerical Methods- Physics
Colin Norman
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
246
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
AS.171.611.01
Stellar Structure & Evolution
David Neufeld
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.625.01
Experimental Particle Physics
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.627.01
Astrophysical Dynamics
Rosemary Wyse
Overall quality of the class: 2.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.630.01
First Year Research
Petar Maksimovic, Brice Menard
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.642.01
Second Year Research
Petar Maksimovic, Brice Menard
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.702.01
Quantum Field Theory II
Jared Kaplan
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.703.01
247
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
Advance Statistical Mechanics
Ari Turner
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.755.01
Fourier Optics and Interferometry in Astronomy
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.172.764.01
Condensed Matter
Oleg Tchnernyshyov
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.173.111.01-06
General Physics Laboratory I
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.30
Summary:
The best part about this class was that time was not spent on post labs that required students to come
in at other times. Students found that the labs were fun applications of physics concepts, and that the
TA's were helpful when assignments were unclear. Although students generally completed the labs in
the allotted time, students agreed that they often felt rushed. Suggestions for improvement included
providing clearer lab manuals and allowing students extra time to come in after class to finish labs if
necessary. Prospective students should know that you will not have time to work on your lab outside of
class time.
AS.173.112.01-23
General Physics Laboratory II
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 2.99
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the hands-on experiments that reinforced concepts covered in
class. Students enjoyed the fact they could get all of their work done for the week during lab. However,
many students felt that the labs were very difficult to finish in the allotted time. Examples of some
suggestions for improvement included: providing an additional 12 hours after lab to turn in assignments,
248
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
separating sections for biological science and engineering majors, and distributing a template of what an
A+ lab report looked like. Prospective students should consider not scheduling another class after this
lab as students were often kept late.
AS.173.116.01-02
Electricity and Magnetism Laboratory
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the hands-on experience with a variety of physics instruments to
apply concepts covered in class. While students liked having all of their work completed in lab, many
agreed that the allotted time was insufficient. Further, some students felt that lab expectations were
unclear, and that grading was often based on subjective preferences. This class could be improved by
giving students time outside of lab to complete reports, and providing model examples for lab reports.
Prospective students should know it is beneficial to take Classic Mechanics Laboratory prior to
enrollment in Electricity and Magnetism Laboratory.
AS.173.308.01-02
Advanced Physics Laboratory
Tobias Marriage
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
Students enjoyed many aspects of this class from being immersed into their future career paths to state
of the art replication of 19th
and 20th
century experiments. Students appreciated the manageable
workload for the labs, as well as the detailed and individualized feedback through 1-on-1 meetings.
Some students struggled to sit through lectures as they found them to be dull. This course could be
improved by being provided sample "A" lab reports and more guidance on how to improve writing
styles. Prospective students should know it is beneficial to have a basic understanding of LaTeX, Python
and Physics prior to enrolling.
249
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.190.102.01-08
Introduction to Comparative Politics
Nicolas Jabko
Overall quality of the class: 3.61
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the passionate professor and easy to follow lectures. The TA
was very helpful and the topics were very interesting and creative. The worst aspects of the course
included the large emphasis on the readings and lack of review. Also, the lectures themselves were not
very useful. To improve this class, students suggested that the professor reduce the amount of required
readings in favor of shorter, more concise selections. Prospective students should know there is a
significant amount of reading required, yet the section was highly enjoyable.
AS.190.108.01
Freshmen Seminar: The Human Condition
Jennifer Culbert
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material, the class discussions, and the professor
who was knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the subject matter. The worst aspects included the long
class period and the dense course information and resources. Suggestions to improve this class included
shortening the class length or scheduling regular breaks, and providing opportunities for students to
apply the ideas covered in class to current events. Prospective students should know that there was a
lot of reading and writing. Grading was somewhat harsh, but the professor was willing to answer any
questions.
AS.190.220.01-08
Global Security Politics
Daniel Deudney
250
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the professor's expert perspective on subjects and the modern,
interesting and fun topics covered. Students found lectures to be engaging, and appreciated the
professor's inclusion of question and answer sessions into every lecture. There were few graded
assignments and the long readings were challenging. To improve this class, students suggested having
fewer assigned readings, better organized exams, and more assignments to even out the workload.
Prospective students should know that completing the readings and few graded assignments will
determine success in the course.
AS.190.281.01-04
Virtue, Labor, and Power (Classics of Political Thought II)
Samuel Chambers
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the instructor who led engaging discussions and interacted with his
students well. The readings were interesting, and the lectures effectively helped to unpack their dense
and nuanced concepts. Further, students appreciated the detailed feedback that they received on
written assignments. Students felt that the reading was often overwhelming and that the grading
system was hard. Suggestions for improvement included better organization of the material and
feedback on the microthemes. Prospective students should know that the course was fascinating and
the readings were difficult.
AS.190.301.01-02
Global Political Economy
Renee Marlin- Bennett
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the interesting course material, accessible instructor and TAs, and the
opportunity for students to rewrite papers. This course also had a strong syllabus, with clear guidelines.
Some students found this course disorganized and felt that the professor did not stay on topic during
lectures. This course could be improved by providing more structure for research papers, allotting time
to discuss all readings during class, and having more interactive class lectures. Prospective students
should have a strong background in economics.
AS.190.308.01
Comparative Political Regimes
Sebastian Mazzuca
Overall quality of the class: 3.74
Summary:
251
POLITICAL SCIENCE
The best aspects of this course were the engaging, lively lectures and the manageable course load. The
instructor was enthusiastic and engaging. Some students felt the course reading load was
overwhelming and the class period was for too long. Some students also felt they would have
benefitted from have more homework and suggested assigning more graded coursework throughout
the semester in order to reduce the percentage of the heavily weighted final paper. Other suggestions
for improvement included meeting multiple times a week at shorter time periods. Prospective students
should know that this course is geared toward Political Science majors.
AS.190.310.01
The Political Economy of Order and Prosperity
Sebastian Mazzuca
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the manageable workload and the thought provoking course
material. Some students had a hard time following the course without any clear objectives. The
readings were dense at times and there was not enough time to cover all of the topics listed on the
syllabus. Suggestions for improvement included having a TA run section to discuss assigned readings,
incorporating more case studies into lecture, and increasing the opportunities for class discussion.
Prospective students will find the course manageable and should be aware that grading is based on
participation and a final paper.
AS.190.311.01
Disposable People: Race, Immigration and Biopolitics
Philip Brendese
Overall quality of the class: 4.72
Summary:
The best part of this course was the professor's ability to break down complex theoretical material and
facilitate thought provoking class discussion. This course also addressed contemporary issues. Some
students felt grading was harsh and the significant amount of reading was dense. This course could be
improved by meeting twice a week and having fewer readings to allow for more in depth discussions.
Prospective students are encouraged to complete the readings in order to participate and get the most
benefit from this course.
AS.190.320.01-02
Politics of East Asia
Erin Chung
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the variety of assignments and interesting lectures given by the
knowledgeable and engaging professor. The reading assignments were all manageable and class
participation was highly encouraged. Some students found the course load challenging and the reading
assignments overwhelming. This course could be improved by having a clear grading rubric, lecturing
252
POLITICAL SCIENCE
more during the second half of the semester instead of having student debates, and decreasing the
amount of assigned readings. Prospective students do not need to have prior background knowledge of
East Asian Politics.
AS.190.334.01
Constitutional Law
Emily Zackin
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best part of this course was the professor's ability to direct discussions effectively. This course had
a manageable workload with an approachable and friendly professor who fostered a comfortable and
intellectually rigorous class environment. Some students found grading to be harsh and ambiguous.
This course could be improved by having students read full opinions of the court, and distributing the
final exam prompt earlier in the semester. Prospective students should have taken Con Law I and II
prior to this course. Students are encouraged to attend all lectures and be prepare to participate in
every class discussion.
AS.190.339.01
American Racial Politics
Lester Spence
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best part about this course was the fascinating and engaging lectures given by the passionate
professor. This course was discussion based and covered current events. Some students felt they did
not receive enough feedback on their work and there was not a clear grading policy. This course could
be improved by providing more feedback on assignments and diversifying the required readings.
Prospective students should know this course requires a strong political science background. Students
should be prepared to think critically and read extensively.
AS.190.342.01
Black Politics II
Lester Spence
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the small class size which aided in discussions, and the professor's
ability to make complicated concepts clear to students and relevant to current events. Students felt the
course involved a significant amount of reading. Suggestions for improvement included having more
lecture based classes, structured discussions, and meeting more than once a week. Prospective
students should be prepared to contribute to class discussion and commit to the course rigor. Black
Politics I is not a prerequisite to this course.
AS.190.344.01
253
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Seminar In Anti-Semitism
Benjamin Ginsberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the stimulating material and class discussion. The course load was
manageable and the professor conveyed uncomfortable topics in an open, authentic way. Some
students felt they did not have enough direction on assignments and there was not enough course
discussion. This course could be improved by having less presentations and lectures, and more class
discussion time. Students also suggested providing a rubric with clear expectations concerning
assignments. Prospective students should know that 70% of the course grade was determined by the
final paper.
AS.190.398.01
Politics of Good & Evil
William Connolly
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The best part of this course was the intellectually challenging course material. This course had a unique
approach to political theory and philosophy while covering a wide range of modern material. The
course time period was long without any breaks and some students found it difficult to pay attention.
This course could be improved by giving assignments earlier in the semester, giving clearer directions for
essays and presentations, and finding ways to better connect the readings. Prospective students should
have an open mind and be prepared for a significant amount of reading. A background in political
theory would be helpful.
AS.190.405.01
Food Politics
Adam Sheingate
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The best part about this course was the engaging and knowledgeable Professor. The readings were well
chosen and never felt overwhelming or irrelevant. Many students felt there was not enough directions
given on assignments and class discussion lagged. This course could be improved by incorporating more
information on how the media influences food politics and providing field trips in the Baltimore area for
students to see examples of food policy in action. Prospective students should be prepared to do all of
the assigned readings and know that this class assumes no background in course material.
AS.190.438.01
Violence and Politics
Benjamin Ginsberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
254
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Summary:
The best part of this course was the friendly, dynamic Professor who covered fascinating subject matter
and presented material that challenged students to think critically. Some students felt the course
readings were heavy and not always relevant to coursework. Suggestions for improvement included
having more class discussion time and requiring weekly summaries to be written on readings so that
students would be ready for discussion. Another suggestion was to have more graded assignments so
that grades were not completely based on the final paper. Prospective students should know this class
is a must take for international studies and political science majors.
AS.190.441.01
Comparative European Politics
Nicolas Jabko
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.190.499.01
Senior Thesis: International Relations/ Political Science
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Students appreciated the professor's feedback and had the opportunity to explore a personal research
project. Students felt it was difficult to self-start a full research project and were unsure about
deadlines and meeting times throughout the semester. Suggestions for improvement included having a
more structured course with clearer guidance from the department. Prospective students should be
self-motivated and disciplined in order to complete research in a timely manner. Though there was little
guidance, students should actively seek out advisors to answer any questions.
AS.191.324.01
International Relations of Security Development
Casey McNeill
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
Students enjoyed the knowledgeable instructor and complex class discussions. Some students felt the
course focused too much on critical theory and felt there was a disconnect between course readings and
class discussion. This class could be improved by offering students background information on the
topics discussed in class, simplifying concepts with more focused readings, and providing students with
more feedback. Prospective students should have a strong background in post WWII security and
economy.
AS.191.359.01
Size Matters: Small, Medium and large states in global politics
Jiamin Karyn Wang
255
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best part of this class was the engaging and caring professor. Some students found it frustrating
that the class did not have any exams or other methods of gaging progress throughout the semester.
This class could be improved by having more structure, making PowerPoints accessible to students, and
having more discussions and debates. Prospective students should know this writing intensive class is
intellectually enriching.
AS.191.373.01
Greek and Christian Political Theory
Stuart Gray
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best part of this class was the engaging, enthusiastic professor who was invested in students'
success and fostered interesting class discussions. Some students found the reading to be dry and
dense. This course could be improved by meeting twice a week and providing more diverse assigned
readings. Prospective students should know that the grading system is fair and that the course was
discussion driven. Course grades are based on two papers and a take home exam.
AS.191.416.01
International Human Rights
Andrew Ross
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best part of this course was the fascinating course material. Some students felt this class had a
heavy workload and too much of class time was focused on discussing the readings and not on learning
concepts. Suggestions for improvement included having more class time devoted to lectures and
applying concepts through case studies of human rights abuse. Prospective students are not required to
have any specific background knowledge and should be prepared for class discussion.
AS.191.417.01
Global Governance in A Diverse World
Andrew Ross
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best part of this course was the amazing Professor who gave great feedback. Some students felt the
course had an overwhelming amount of reading, which could be dry at times. Suggestions for
improvement included having a group project, splitting the one paper up into two writing assignments,
and incorporating more visual aids into lectures. Prospective students would be required to complete a
20 page paper by the end of the semester.
256
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.661.110.01-02
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Jay Thompson
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the passionate instructor who was accessible, knowledgeable,
and gave students helpful feedback on assignments. Students felt that assignments piled up by the end
of the semester and that class notes and other information were not posted on Blackboard. Lectures
were boring at times and the instructor did not always stay on topic. Suggestions for improvement
included having a more definitive schedule for assignments, making lectures more interactive, and
making information available to students via Blackboard. Prospective students have the opportunity to
gain valuable practical application and improve writing skills in a low intensity environment.
EN.661.110.03
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Robert Graham
Overall quality of the class: 3.47
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the ability for students to apply concepts through projects and
presentations, gain applicable skills, and obtain expert feedback on assignments. Students felt that the
course at times focused more on basic grammar instead of professional communication. Some students
felt that assignment expectations weren't clear and that grading was strict and subjective. Suggestions
for improvement included shortening the class meeting time, providing more feedback and guidelines
on assignments, and making lecture more engaging and interactive. Prospective students should
allocate sufficient time to work on writing assignments.
EN.661.110.04-06
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Nicole Jerr
257
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Overall quality of the class: 3.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included developing important skills such as learning how to write
professionally and present effectively. Students felt that assignments piled up by the end of the
semester and grading was unclear and subjective. Students also felt that some assignments were busy
work and that no new information was learned from the course. Suggestions for improvement included
having more guidelines and organization for assignments, creating more opportunities for course
relevant work over social change projects, providing more feedback, and having more assignments to
contribute to the course grade other than a heavily weighted final project. Prospective students should
be aware that this course involves a significant amount of writing and public speaking.
EN.661.110.07
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Jenny Bernstein
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
Students enjoyed the engaging teaching style of the instructor as well as the opportunity to think
critically and be creative with the writing assignments. Students noted that the professor kept classes
engaging and interesting, and provided useful feedback. Students found the workload to be
overwhelming and some of the writing assignments repetitive at times. Suggestions for improvement
included having more course related assignments such as resume writing exercises and increasing the
opportunities for feedback from the professor. Prospective students are encouraged to keep up with
assignments and choose a social topic of interest for the semester writing assignment.
EN.661.110.08-09
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Caroline Wilkins
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
Students enjoyed the engaging, humorous, and energetic instructor who created a comfortable learning
environment for the students. Students felt that feedback on completed assignments was not returned
in a timely manner, peer review sessions were not helpful, and the workload was overwhelming at
times. Some students felt the instructor was insensitive regarding her remarks to other students.
Suggestions for improvement included having assignments graded in a timelier manner so students are
able to improve from feedback, and having a more interactive lecture. Prospective students should be
aware that this course involves a significant amount of writing and participation in class discussion
would be beneficial.
EN.661.111.01
Professional Communication for International Students
Laura Davis
258
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.250.01-02
Oral Presentations
Kevin Dungey
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the knowledgeable instructor who taught applicable
communication skills, gave individualized feedback, and fostered a relaxing classroom environment.
Some students felt that there were subjective aspects to grading, and that feedback was not given in a
timely manner. Weekly student presentations required a significant preparation. Suggestions for
improvement included having an advanced oral presentation class, providing more opportunities for
group work, and having feedback from peers and the instructor directly after a student presentation.
Prospective students will find this course an enjoyable way to improve public speaking skills.
Prospective students should be open minded and ready to learn from the instructor and peers.
EN.661.250.03
Oral Presentations
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the development of public speaking skills and the caring
instructor. Students reported that the assignments were practical and valuable, and that they facilitated
noticeable progress over the course of the semester. A significant amount of preparation went into
student presentations every week. Suggestions for improvement included spacing out the presentations
and adding more group projects. Prospective students will find this course an enjoyable way to improve
public speaking skills. This course with this instructor were highly recommended.
EN.661.250.04
Oral Presentations
Jason Heiserman
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.250.05
Oral Presentations
Robert Graham
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
259
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the knowledgeable instructor who taught applicable
communication skills and gave individualized feedback. A significant amount of preparation went into
student presentations every week. Students felt that the professor had a tendency to go off topic
during lectures taking away from class discussion time. Suggestions for improvement included spacing
out the presentations more, organizing smaller groups for projects, and having more feedback from
peers for each student presentation. Prospective students are encouraged to take this course to
improve public speaking skills and should be prepared to allocate a significant amount of time outside of
class to complete assignments.
EN.661.250.06
Oral Presentations
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small, intimate class size and the opportunity to develop
and practice public speaking skills tailored to personal interests. Students appreciated the practicality of
the course as well as the marked progress made over the course of the semester. Some students found
the coursework to be too demanding and the grading too harsh. Suggestions for improvement included
lightening the course load, meeting more frequently during the week at shorter class times, and having
grades reflect improvement. Prospective students are encouraged to take this course to improve public
speaking skills and should be prepared to allocate a significant amount of time outside of class to
complete assignments.
EN.661.250.07-08
Oral Presentations
Andrew Kulanko
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the immediate feedback on presentations, amount of in class
practice, comfortable class size and environment, and overall improvement of skills. Students felt that
the quizzes and assigned chapter readings were not beneficial. Suggestions for improvement included
spreading the work load more evenly throughout the semester and providing more detailed information
on the guidelines for grading. Students also suggested having more feedback from the instructor,
having more relevant course work on quizzes, and shortening or moving up the class time. Prospective
students are encouraged to take this course to improve public speaking skills and should be prepared to
allocate a significant amount of time outside of class to complete weekly assignments.
EN.661.251.01
Oral Presentations for International Students
Laura Davis
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
260
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relaxed class environment and the opportunity to develop
and practice public speaking skills. Some students felt that there was not enough teaching on
presentation techniques, and that feedback was not given in a timely manner. Suggestions for
improvement included having more secondary resources, guided instruction, and example presentations
given by the instructor. Prospective students are encouraged to take this course to improve public
speaking skills and should be prepared to allocate a significant amount of time outside of class to
complete assignments.
EN.661.315.01
Culture of Engineering Profession
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging and experienced professor, interesting class
discussion, and the opportunity to learn practical skills of professional communication tailored to the
field of engineering. Students felt that assignments were given at the last minute and that guidelines
were disorganized and unclear. Many students also felt that the grading was subjective and the
workload was overwhelming. Suggestions for improvement included posting assignment deadlines and
having expectations clearly outlined in the syllabus on Blackboard. Prospective students should prepare
for a heavy workload and a significant amount of writing. Prospective students should be aware that
this course is geared towards ChemBE students.
EN.661.315.02
Culture of Engineering Profession
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
Students enjoyed the class discussion on engaging topics and the opportunity to learn practical skills of
professional communication within the field of engineering. Students felt overwhelmed by the amount
of assignments and that expectations were unclear. Some students also felt that feedback was vague.
Suggestions for improvement included having fewer assignments, changing group members for each
assignment, allotting class time to discuss readings, and clearly outlining assignment expectations and
due dates. Prospective students should prepare for a heavy workload and a significant amount of
writing. Prospective students should also be self-motivated and seek out the instructor and TA's for
advice on how to improve writing skills.
EN.661.317.01
Culture of the Medical Profession
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
261
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Summary:
Students enjoyed the class discussion on engaging topics and the opportunity to learn practical skills of
professional communication within the medical field. Students felt that there were too many assigned
readings and there was not enough class time devoted to discussing them. The course did not have a
clear timeline for when readings and assignments should be completed. Suggestions for improvement
included keeping the syllabus updated throughout the course, decreasing the number of assigned
readings, and using the course readings as discussion topics. Prospective students should be prepared
for an interesting course and should be prepared for class discussion in order to benefit from the course.
EN.661.370.01
Visual Rhetoric
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the creative aspects of the course and the opportunity to learn how
to use Adobe, Photoshop, and other programs. Students found the skills covered in the course to be
highly useful, and the peer reviews beneficial for improvement. Students felt that the grading was
subjective and the workload was demanding. Suggestions for improvement included having more
frequent classes during the week and more in-class time working with different tools and techniques.
Prospective students should be interested in design and prepared to dedicate time outside of class to
complete assignments.
EN.661.380.01-02
Business Analytics
Sinan Ozdemir
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of the class were the practical applications, interesting and relevant material, and
enthusiastic professor. Some students felt that not enough time was dedicated to business analytics.
Students also felt that the scheduled class time was too late at night and that the instructor and TAs
were not available to students. Suggestions for improvement included having a more structured course
with hands-on elements, dedicating less class time to statistics by having it as a prerequisite, and having
more homework on coding. Prospective students are encouraged to take this course as expectations
are clearly explained and the information learned is beneficial to have before interviewing for jobs.
Background in statistics and programming is not necessary.
EN.661.390.01
Online Journalism : JayStreet : A Journal of Entrepreneurship & Technology
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
262
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
The best aspects of this course included the firsthand experience with journalism and the ability to have
student articles published. Students appreciated the thorough feedback that they received, as well as
the lectures from visiting journalists. Students felt that the course was disorganized and the workload
overwhelming at times. Class expectations were not well defined and lectures were not always
engaging. Suggestions for improvement included using class time to work on writing techniques, having
resources available electronically via Blackboard, and decreasing the amount of reading assigned each
week. Prospective students interested in journalism should be prepared for a significant amount of
outside work to complete writing assignments and readings.
EN.661.454.01
Blogging and Digital Copywriting
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging, knowledgeable instructor, and the ability to
create and maintain a personal blog. Some students felt that the writing assignments were long and
overwhelming. Suggestions for improvement included having more interactive lectures and group
projects, decreasing the amount of work, and having either a final project or a final exam instead of
both. Prospective students are encouraged to choose a blog idea that is interesting to them, and to be
prepared to dedicate a significant amount of time to the project each week. Prospective students
should have an interest in marketing and advertising.
EN.661.610.01
Research Writing for International Students
Denise Link-Farajali
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful course supplements and helpful feedback from the
engaging instructor. Students reported that the instructor was invested in students' progress and
provided thorough explanations. Students found the course load to be heavy at times and that the class
meeting time was too long and late at night. Suggestions for improvement included having more
feedback from the professor and meeting more frequently during the week at a shorter time interval.
Prospective students should be prepared for a writing intensive course and have had some form of
research experience.
EN.661.613.01
Professional Communication for International Students
Denise Link-Farajali
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
263
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.200.132.01
Introduction to Development Psychology
Lisa Feigenson
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The best part about this course was the engaging and thought provoking lectures provided by a
thoughtful and enthusiastic professor. Students who went to class were rewarded on exams. This
course tried to present unbiased research, as well as new developments in the field. Some students
found the tests confusing. This course could be improved by making the lecture notes available online
after class, and providing more feedback on assignments. Prospective students should be deeply
motivated to learn about the origins of human thought. No background in psychology is needed to do
well in this course.
AS.200.133.01
Introduction to Social Psychology
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The best parts about this course were the clear, engaging and entertaining lectures, and the variety of
topics that were covered over the course of the semester. Students praised the professor for being
enthusiastic and for incorporating relevant anecdotes into lectures. This course provided extra credit
for participation. Some students felt that the class size was too large. This course could benefit from
providing more feedback on tests and weekly homework assignments. Prospective students should
know that they will need to attend every class, and study back tests in order to do well in this class.
AS.200.141.01
Foundations of Brain, Behavior and Cognition
Linda Gorman
264
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best part about this course was that the recorded lectures, lecture notes, slides, and past exams
were all uploaded on Blackboard. This course is well structured and, run by a humorous and engaging
professor. Some students felt that it was hard to keep up with how fast Professor Gorman spoke in
lecture. This course could be improved by providing more feedback on exams. Prospective students
should know that there was no assumed background for this course. This course is a good overview of
neuroscience for those considering the major.
AS.200.159.01
Freshman Seminar: Evolutionary Psychology
Howard Egeth
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
The best part about this course was the engaging class discussions. Students thought that the professor
was knowledgeable and provided good information about the interesting topics discussed in class.
Some students felt that the course would benefit from more interactive discussions. This course could
also benefit by providing students with study guides and encouraging more students to contribute to
class discussions. Prospective students should know that prior background knowledge is not necessary
to succeed, and this course had a very manageable work load. This discussion based class required
participation.
AS.200.204.01-02
Human Sexuality
Chris Kraft
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The best part about this course was the charismatic and engaging professor. This course broadened
students understanding of human sexuality. Students appreciated the open discussion that was
fostered within a comfortable, sharing environment. Some students felt they did not get enough
feedback on their work. Others felt that there was a disparity between the material covered in class and
the information included in the textbook. This course could be improved by giving students a study
guide for tests. Prospective students should come with an open mind for this interesting and relaxed
class. This course is good for seniors.
AS.200.208.01
Animal Behavior
Farrah Madison
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
265
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
The best aspect of this course was the bubbly, passionate, and intriguing Professor. The material was
very interesting and covered many different behaviors. Some students found it frustrating that
PowerPoints were not posted prior to class and students felt there were too many midterms. This
course could be improved by giving students more practice exam questions, eliminating the fill-in-the-
blank portion of exams, and incorporating more interactive aspects into lecture. Prospective students
should read the book in order to do well on tests. Attendance is mandatory for this course.
AS.200.211.01
Sensation & Perception
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the class: 4.72
Summary:
The best part about this course was that it was easy to understand and it was obvious that the professor
wanted students to learn. Students agreed that the professor provided informative and concise
lectures, conveyed the information effectively, and was always available to help students who were
confused. Some students found it frustrating to have tests every other week. This course could be
improved by using Panopto recordings, and by having more supplementary videos posted online to help
explain concepts. Prospective students should know that no background in neuroscience or biology is
necessary to do well.
AS.200.212.01
Abnormal Psychology
Alison Papadakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best part about this course was the clear, concise and funny teaching style of the professor.
Students appreciated that the professor made the class interactive with the use of clicker questions,
videos, and images, and that she posted lectures on Blackboard and Panopto. Students were warned
when uncomfortable topics, which may relate to them, were coming up so they did not have to attend.
Some students felt the class size was too large. This course could be improved by having more exam
review sessions and clicker questions. Prospective students should know this course is fascinating and
fairly graded. A background in psychology is not necessary to succeed.
AS.200.222.01
Positive Psychology
Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best part about this course was the professor's never-ending curiosity that made lecture engaging
and fun. Students appreciated the interesting material and its applicability to everyday life. Some
students felt there were too many students in the class, while others indicated that the exam format left
them unsure how to prepare given the volume of material covered. This course could be improved by
266
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
incorporating a rubric for papers. Prospective students should know that coming into the course with
an open mind will improve their quality of life. No background knowledge is needed in psychology to do
well in this course.
AS.200.304.01
Neuroscience of Decision Making
Veit Stuphorn
Overall quality of the class: 3.56
Summary:
The best part about this course was the relevant and interesting topics. Some students found it
frustrating that the quizzes were difficult and graded harshly. Students weren't able to track their
progress throughout the semester due to a lack of feedback. This class could benefit from giving
students guidance on how to comment on peer reviewed journal articles. Prospective students should
know this course is heavily based on neuroscience content and students will have to read a significant
amount of scientific papers.
AS.200.306.01
Psychology in the Workplace
Heather Roberts Fox
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
Summary:
The best part of this course is the engaging and interactive material. The workload was manageable and
students described the course as being easy. Feedback on graded assignments was not given to
students in a timely manner. This course could be improved by having more speakers come to class,
timelier feedback, and interactive elements added to lecture. Prospective students should know this is a
fun, enjoyable class where participation is important.
AS.200.317.01
Interpersonal Relations
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best part of this course was the fascinating, applicable topic. Some students felt it was difficult to
contribute to class discussion as the class size was too large. Lectures were long and classes were often
cancelled by the instructor. This course could be improved by incorporating guest lecturers for the days
the professor was unable to attend, as well as incorporating more discussion time. Prospective students
should know that grades are dependent upon participation, one mid-term, and a final paper.
AS.200.325.01
Law Psychology: Clinical Application
Lawrence Raifman
267
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The best part of this class was the comprehendible material for non-psychology students. The Professor
was engaging and insightful. Many students felt they did not get enough feedback and the overall
course was disorganized. The class was too long and students suggested holding class multiple times a
week for a shorter time period. This course could be improved by decreasing the class size and having
more organized lectures. Prospective students are not required to have a background in law or
psychology to do well in this course.
AS.200.326.01
Law, Psychology and Public Policy
Paul Hofer
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the feedback on written assignments, interesting course
material, and the ability to explore a topic of interest for a final research paper. Students felt the paper
was difficult to write and course material was dry and boring. Suggestions for improvement included
having due dates throughout the semester to make sure students were on the right track. Prospective
students should be aware that grades are based on participation, presentation, and final paper.
Students must be self-motivated and have good time management skills.
AS.200.328.01
Theory & Methods in Clinical Psychology
David Edwin
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The best part about this class was the interesting and engaging professor. Some students found the
material to be dry and dense. Some concepts were difficult to grasp and the lectures were very long.
This course would benefit from having more accessible texts for students to study from and scheduling
class time for two sessions a week at a shorter time. Prospective students should have an
understanding of abnormal psychology and will gain a solid foundation in clinical psychology.
AS.200.361.01
Tests & Measurements
Heather Roberts Fox
Overall quality of the class: 2.85
Summary:
The best part of this course was that grades were posted on blackboard. The guest lecturers from many
different fields were interesting, and the course instructor was knowledgeable and engaging. Some
students were frustrated by the constantly changing syllabus. This course could be improved by
268
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
providing students with examples of what is expected on assignments, as well as giving students more
feedback on assignments. Prospective students should know the workload is very manageable.
AS.200.368.01
Altered States of Consciousness
Richard Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
Students enjoyed this interesting and different course that allowed them to design their own research
project. The professor was accessible and allowed students to ask questions during class. Some
students struggled with lecture material and found it to be fragmented. This course could be improved
by having a clear grading rubric and incorporating interactive elements into lectures. Prospective
students will find that having a background in neuroscience would be helpful.
AS.200.369.01
Psychobiology of Motivation & Reward
Patricia Janak
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
Students enjoyed the knowledgeable professor who fostered a relaxed classroom environment in which
questions were always welcomed. This class covered interesting material and explored a wide range of
topics. Some students felt that student presentations took up too much classroom time and feedback
on assignments was limited. This course could be improved by incorporating more discussion time and
having more opportunities to gain feedback. Prospective students should know that course grades are
based on a presentation and three papers. Lecture attendance is mandatory.
AS.200.370.01
Functional Human Nueroanatomy
Susan Courtney-Faruqee
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best part of this course was that it helped in understanding neuroscience as a whole and concepts
learned could be applied to other neuroscience classes. The group style quizzes and neurosyllabus
website were also helpful. Some students found the tests to be too long for a 50 minute time block.
This course could be improved by recording lectures for review purposes. Prospective students should
know that attendance is required and should have already taken Nervous Systems I or II.
AS.200.372.01
The Aging Brain
Michela Gallagher
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
269
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Summary:
Students found the professor, a prominent researcher in the field, to be an engaging and passionate
lecturer. This course covered contemporary research. Some students felt the readings were tedious
and unclear at times. This course could be improved by offering students more feedback on their work,
as well as spending time explaining different areas of the brain in depth. Prospective students should
have a neuroscience and psychology background. This course had one midterm, a take home final, and
three paper assignments.
AS.200.376.01
Psychopharmacology
Hita Adwanikar, Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Students found the material interesting as this was one of the few pharmacological classes offered at
JHU. This class provided open notebook exams with fair grading and clear submission deadlines. Many
students found the amount of material covered on an exam to be overwhelming. This class could be
improved by giving students more feedback on exams. Prospective students should prepare for a
challenging course and attend all lectures in order to succeed. Having a background in cell biology
would be helpful.
AS.200.377.01
Neuroethology
Cynthia Moss
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.200.380.01
Neurobiology of Human Cognition
Marina Bedny
Overall quality of the class: 3.06
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting topics covered and the clear feedback on exams. Many students found
grading to be arbitrary and difficult to understand. This course could be improved by changing the setup
of in-class group presentations so that multiple students from the group are responsible for presenting,
and no longer scheduling Thursday discussions which were not productive. Prospective students should
have a background in cognitive science and be familiar with reading research papers.
AS.200.386.01
Animal Cognition
Peter Holland
270
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best part of this class was the enthusiastic teaching style of the professor that challenged students
and made them think intellectually. Students also found the Panopto recordings of lectures to be
helpful. Some students struggled with the fact that only two exams determined their final grade. This
course could be improved by providing students with answer keys to old tests, as well as incorporating
more graded assignments. Prospective students should keep up with assigned readings to do well in
this course. Having a background in psychology would also be helpful.
271
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.280.103.01
Public Health, Policy and Politics: A Primer
Peter Beilenson
Overall quality of the class: 4.72
Summary:
The best aspects about this class were lectures that were informative and assignments that were
applicable to current events in addition to great guest speakers. Some students found the class size too
large, and course lectures were hard to hear and boring at times. This class could be improved by giving
students a rubric for presentations and incorporating more interactive components into lectures.
Prospective students should have an interest in public health.
AS.280.120.01-04
Lectures on Public Health and Wellbeing in Baltimore
Phillip Leaf
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
The best parts about this class were the variety of interesting guest lecturers and material covered.
Some students had a problem with how large the class size was, and felt the course was disorganized
and that lecture material was repetitive. Students also found the syllabus confusing, making it unclear
how to do well in class. Prospective students should know that the workload is light and manageable.
Course attendance is important for this class.
AS.280.320.01
Seminar on Public Health and Well-Being in Baltimore
Philip Leaf
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
272
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course material, thought provoking discussions,
and the variety of guest speakers who came to class. Students felt the instructor did not stay on topic
during lecture and went off on tangents. Suggestions for improvement included giving more
assignments throughout the semester that built up to the final paper. Prospective students should
know that this was a good introductory course for those interested in public health and learning more
about the city of Baltimore. The course load was very manageable and attendance was a large portion
of the course grade.
AS.280.340.01-07
Fundamentals of Health Policy & Management
Donald Steinwachs
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
The best part about this course was the wide range of health policy issues discussed and the interesting
guest lecturers. Weekly assignments kept students on track throughout the semester. Many students
found it frustrating they did not receive review sessions before exams which were broad and
ambiguous. This course could be improved by making lecture slides available prior to class, having less
repetitive lectures, and offering review sessions a week in advance. Prospective students should know
this class requires a one page paper every week. It is important students pay attention in lecture and
remain up to date on assigned readings.
AS.280.350.01-04
Fundamentals of Epidemiology
Darcy Phelan-Emrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best part about this class was the engaging, knowledgeable, and passionate Professor. Students
enjoyed the interesting guest lecturers and overall organization of the course. Some students found it
frustrating that exams were all multiple choice with too few questions, which made it difficult to
perform well. This course could be improved by giving more feedback on tests and exams, shortening
lecture and section time, and making class more interactive. Prospective students should know this
class was organized and well structured. No background in Epidemiology was required.
AS.280.360.01
Clinical & Public Health Behavior Change
Lawrence Cheskin
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this course was the variety of interesting guest speakers and the manageable
workload. Students also gained valuable firsthand knowledge on current public health issues. Many
students found it frustrating that lectures were repetitive and there was little graded material to
contribute to the overall course grade. This course could be improved by having clear objectives for
273
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
each lecture topic and increasing the number of assignments. Prospective students should know that
participation is important for getting a good grade.
AS.280.375.01
Cultural Factor of Public Health
Carolyn Furr-Holden, Thomas Laveist
Overall quality of the class: 3.54
Summary:
The best part about this course was that it forced students to think outside of the box. This course was
engaging and eye-opening. Some students found course material to focus solely on racial factors and to
be repetitive and disorganized. Grading seemed to be harsh and unclear. This course could be
improved by having a more organized syllabus and more interactive lectures. Prospective students
should know they do not need background knowledge on the topic to do well. This course has a
manageable course load.
AS.280.380.01
Global Health Principles and Practices
Peter Winch
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The best part about this course was the informative, interactive, and engaging lectures. Professor Winch
had Global Health Breakfasts for students which allowed them to get a more in-depth understanding of
the career field. Some students found the online quizzes frustrating and the workload overwhelming at
times. This class could be improved by having more small assignments and increasing the level of
student interaction during lectures. Prospective students interested in global health should be prepared
for a significant workload and have strong writing skills.
AS.280.409.01
Health Systems Challenges from Chronic Diseases in Low and Middle Income
Mariana Socal
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging debates and interesting paper topics. Assignments
and papers were fun to write. Some students found it hard to pay attention for the 2.5 hour lectures.
This course could be improved by dividing class time into lectures and class discussions or group
activities. Prospective students should know that this class does not require a background in
international health. Students will gain a lot of interesting practical experiences.
AS.280.414.01
Leading Health Care Organizations
Kristian Hayes
274
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The best part of this course was the engaging and sharp Professor. The course discussions were
interesting and covered a variety of topics. Some students found class expectations unclear and the
overall course disorganized. This course could be improved by providing grading rubrics for
assignments, covering more health care organizations other than hospitals, and having opportunities for
students to receive private feedback from the instructor. Prospective students should have a
background in the medical/health industry. This course requires a large amount of group work.
AS.280.416.01
Nutrition and Immunology in Chronic Disease
Jillian Fontes
Overall quality of the class: 4.74
Summary:
The best aspects of this course was the engaging, informative lectures and the professor who made
even the most difficult material approachable for students. Some students found the readings to be
heavy and difficult to understand. Lectures were long, dry, and sometimes too technical. This course
could be improved by not having daily quizzes, giving rubrics for projects and papers, and incorporating
interactive aspects to class time. Prospective students should have taken basic biology.
AS.280.417.01
Mental Health in Humanitarian Emergencies
Megan Cherewick
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material and the professor's ability to supplement
case studies covered in class with personal experience. Some students found weekly quizzes stressful
and the assigned course readings long and repetitive. This course could be improved by having more
concisely worded lecture slides, incorporating a variety of sources for readings, and having a more
engaging instructor. Prospective students should know the weekly quizzes are based on assigned
readings for that week.
AS.280.418.01
Introduction to Public Health Genomics
Yue Guan
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best part of this course was the fact that each student was able to discuss ethical and legal issues
concerning genomics. The professor was extremely approachable and assigned a manageable workload
with interesting readings and assignments. Some students found the lack of motivation and interest in
their classmates frustrating. This course could be improved by requiring attendance, having more
275
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
guided class discussion, and incorporating more interactive aspects in lectures. Prospective students
should have a general understanding of biology for this course. This is a reasonable upper level public
health elective.
AS.280.419.01
Introduction to Practical Data Analysis in Medicine and Public Health
Therri Usher
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best part of this course was the introduction to data analysis. Students gained practical experience
by learning how to do their own research. Some students felt rushed at the end of the semester when
all assignments were due. This course could be improved by spacing out assignment due dates, and
assigning homework more frequently so students can practice analysis techniques. Prospective students
should be disciplined and able to stay on top of their work throughout the semester. A background in
statistics would be helpful.
AS.280.420.01
Global Food and Nutrition Security
Bess Lewis
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course was the nice break from typical, repetitive public health classes. The
class load was light and expectations were clearly outlined in the syllabus and on rubrics. Some students
found the group work to be frustrating and assignment guidelines vague. This course could be improved
by having more informal discussions on readings and incorporating more interactive aspects in lectures.
Prospective students should know that the workload was manageable, but the class was heavily
discussion based. This was a great course for anyone interested in public health.
AS.280.499.01
Honors in Public Health
Kelly Gebo, Jennifer Schrack
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the invested instructors who wanted the students to succeed,
and the experience of going through the process of writing a research paper. Students felt that it was
difficult to coordinate with external advisors in order to gain feedback. Suggestions for improvement
included having specific due dates for research paper sections and scheduling more consistent class
meeting times. Prospective students should be self-motivated and have a research project or idea in
mind prior to enrolling in the course.
276
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
SOCIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.230.101.01-06; 08
Introduction to Sociology
Timothy Nelson
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting topics and readings that were relevant and
applicable to current events. The professor was an approachable and engaging lecturer who gave
students the opportunity to participate in a sociological study for extra credit. Many students felt that
the mandatory sections were disorganized, unhelpful, and did not reinforce material learned in lecture.
Students agreed that the readings were too lengthy and that too much writing was required without WI
credit. Suggestions for improvement include making lectures more interactive and having section
attendance be optional. Prospective students are encouraged to fully complete the course study guides.
AS.230.147.01
Introduction to Islam and Muslim Societies Since 1800
Ryan Calder
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the informative and engaging lectures. Students felt the professor
was very knowledgeable and aided students in gaining a better understanding of Islam and Muslim
societies. Many students did not enjoy the in-class quizzes and felt the size of the class was not
conducive to good discussion. Suggestions for improvement included reducing class size and having the
instructor spend more time in class to discuss the readings. Prospective students are encouraged to do
the readings in order to be better prepared for in-class quizzes. Prior knowledge is not required as most
students found the workload and topics to be appropriate for an introductory course.
AS.230.150.01
Issues in International Development
Michael Levien
277
SOCIOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 4.52
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the engaging professor who introduced interesting topics and
encouraged class discussion and participation. Many students felt the reading was heavy and difficult to
understand at times. Suggestions for improvement include instituting a clear rubric for grading with
more timely feedback on assignments and shortening the required readings for the course. Prospective
students should be interested in international issues to benefit from the course and are encouraged to
do the readings in order to form opinions and participate in class discussion.
AS.230.202.01
Research Methods for the Social Sciences
Lingxin Hao
Overall quality of the class: 2.81
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the practical application of methodologies learned through a mini
research project for students. Many students felt expectations were not clearly outlined and feedback
from completed assignments was not timely. The professor was hard to understand at times and
students felt the material was dry and sometimes boring. Suggestions for improvement included
decreasing the number of readings and assignments in favor of fewer, more direct assignments with
clear learning objectives and guidelines. Prospective students are encouraged to take the course only if
required by major. Students should also be prepared for a heavy and sometimes time consuming course
load.
AS.230.244.01
Race and Ethnicity in American Society
Meredith Greif
Overall quality of the class: 4.68
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the open, honest discussion fostered by the professor about real
world events and issues. Many students agreed that readings were too long and the class was not set-
up in a way to encourage group discussion. Suggested improvements included having the opportunity
to get more feedback on completed assignments and having a more controlled class discussion.
Prospective students do not need to have previous knowledge about subject matter and are encouraged
to be open minded and prepared to share ideas.
AS.230.265.01
Research Tools and Technologies for the Social Sciences
Smriti Upadhyay
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
278
SOCIOLOGY
The best aspect of the course for students was the helpful and encouraging instructor. Students
successfully learned technologies and skills that were applied to a research project of choice. Many
students felt the computer programs were confusing and the coursework was overwhelming at times.
Suggested improvements include providing the students with access to programs on personal laptops,
decreasing the number of assignments, and opening class time to discussion. Prospective students are
encouraged to keep up with assignments and be prepared for a heavier workload. Students interested
in the social sciences will receive valuable instruction pertaining to research methods.
AS.230.275.01
Revolution, Reform and Social Inequality in China
Joel Andreas
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the very knowledgeable professor who brought interesting subject
matter to be discussed in class. Expectations were clearly outlined and the class was well organized.
Some students found the lecture to be dry and the discussions boring when only a few students
participated. Other students felt the course was writing intensive and the articles were very long.
Suggested improvements included creating more opportunities for feedback, and facilitating better
discussions. Prospective students are encouraged to do readings in order to participate in class and to
be prepared for the research paper at the end of the course. No previous knowledge is required.
AS.230.285.01
Maritime East Asia
Huei-Ying Kuo
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
Summary:
Most students felt the professor for this course was engaging and very knowledgeable about the
interesting topics presented during the course. At times the readings were dense and students did not
feel engaged during lectures. Some students had problems understanding the instructor during lecture
and felt that better explanations of topics discussed in the readings would have been beneficial.
Suggested improvements included increasing the level of student interaction during lecture and de-
emphasizing the importance of the final paper. Prospective students are encouraged to keep up with
the assigned readings in preparation for assignments and class lectures.
AS.230.293.01
Immigration in the United States
Meredith Greif
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Most students felt the professor was engaging and passionate about the subject matter which helped
students better understand immigration policy in the US. Course material was interesting and class
discussion was beneficial. Some students found the readings to be too lengthy and the reflection
279
SOCIOLOGY
assignments hard to keep up with for each class. Suggestions for improvement include rearranging the
class setup to better facilitate class discussion and designating the class as writing Intensive. Prospective
students should be prepared for the level of writing required for the course. This class is highly
recommended and students are encouraged to do the readings before class in order to complete
assignments and contribute to discussion
AS.230.322.01
Quantitative Research Practicum
Julia Burdick-Will
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.230.325.01
Global Social Change and Development Practicum
Sahan Savas Karatasli, Beverly Silver
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the independent and group work that provided students with the
experience of working in a research environment. Many students felt the class period was too long and
coding assignments were repetitive and tedious. Suggestions for improvement included having a more
structured course, having focused learning goals for the class, and providing students with a variety of
assignments that may not involve coding. Prospective students should remember and apply concepts
learned in Research Tools in order to do well in this course.
AS.230.332.01
Race, Racism & Racial Privilege
Katrina McDonald
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
The best part of this course was the engaging class assignments that applied to current events
throughout the semester. The professor was invested in students' success and fostered a respectful and
welcoming class environment. Some students found the writing assignments unclear and the course
disorganized at times. Suggestions for improvement included going more in-depth on current events,
and having a grading rubric with clear expectations for assignments. Prospective students are
encouraged to take this course and engage in class discussion. No prior experience with sociology is
needed and students should be open and willing to think critically and challenge personal perspectives.
AS.230.341.01-04
Sociology of Health and Illness
Emily Agree
Overall quality of the class: 3.98
280
SOCIOLOGY
Summary:
The best part of this course was the approachable Professor, who provided a unique and fun
environment. This course allowed students to pick their own group for all interactive activities. Some
students found it difficult to pay attention for the entire two hour block of instruction. This course could
be improved by incorporating more guest speakers, organizing more field trips into the community, and
splitting lecture time between two days during the week. Prospective students should be interested in
sociology and know the course load was manageable. This course does not require previous knowledge
of the topic and students are encouraged to read all assigned material.
AS.230.346.01
Economic Sociology of Latin America
Magda von der Heydt-Coca
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best part about this course was the knowledgeable, helpful, and passionate professor. This course
focused on the socioeconomic development of Latin America. Many students found this course to be
disorganized with constantly changing deadlines and unclear expectations for assignments. This course
could be improved by making class more interactive and having a clearer syllabus. Prospective students
should know this course is writing and reading intensive. Extra mandatory class sessions not scheduled
on ISIS are required to view movies.
AS.230.361.01
Class and Culture
Timothy Nelson
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the manageable workload and the thought provoking material.
Some students felt frustrated that there were not consistent opportunities to ask questions and
participate during class. The assignment load was heavy and feedback was not returned to students in a
timely manner. This course could be improved by allowing students to engage in class discussion and
returning graded assignments in a timelier manner. Prospective students should know that this class
was very theoretical and it was necessary to keep up with the readings and participate in class.
AS.230.364.01
Ethnic Violence in Comparative and Global Perspective
Sefika Kumral
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the well-organized, manageable workload and the
approachable and helpful instructor. Many students found the exams to be difficult and the assigned
readings to be dense. This course could be improved by incorporating more group work and small group
281
SOCIOLOGY
discussion in class. Prospective students should know that the course is interesting and well taught.
Information and ideas gathered from readings should be written clearly and concisely for exams and
essays.
AS.230.369.01
Sociology in Economic Life
Huei-Ying Kuo
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.230.375.01
Nations, States and Boundaries
Ho-Fung Hung
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.230.383.01
Courts, Housing, and the City: A Research Seminar on Social Justice in Baltimore
Daniel Pasciuti
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.230.388.01
Sociology of the Family
Andrew Cherlin
Overall quality of the class: 4.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussions on how families have changed over time and the
knowledgeable, engaging professor. Class discussion lagged at times and some students felt it was hard
to participate in class due to vague prompts and questions. This course could be improved by having
more guided course discussions and scheduling field trips related to course material. Prospective
students should know that this is discussion based course and grades are based on participation, exams,
and a final paper.
AS.230.395.01
Contemporary Social Theory
Michael Levien
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
282
SOCIOLOGY
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fascinating readings and the knowledgeable professor who was able to guide
engaging class discussion. There was a significant amount of assigned readings which were difficult and
very long. Suggestions for improvement included spending time during class discussing reading
responses and relating course concepts to current events. Prospective students should be prepared for
an intellectually challenging course with a significant amount of reading.
AS.230.435.01
The China Boom
Ho-Fung Hung
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
283
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.225.300.01
Contemporary Theatre & Film
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 3.54
Summary:
The best aspects of this course was the professor who was passionate about acting and an expert from
years as a professional actor and instructor. His exams were straightforward and fair. Some students
found it frustrating that exams were not returned and the instructor had a tendency to get off topic.
This course could be improved by looking at more contemporary pieces, having an overall better course
structure, and providing students with a clear syllabus outlining the topics that will be covered during
the course. Prospective students should know that course attendance is mandatory and no prior
theatre knowledge is necessary, though it may be helpful.
AS.225.302.01-02
Acting & Directing Workshop II
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the various acting exercises and the opportunity to learn
techniques under an expert, professional instructor. The instructor had a tendency to get off topic and
students were only allowed to practice the acting method introduced by the instructor. This course
could be improved by giving students more opportunities to work on scenes during class and providing
students with a clear syllabus outlining the topics that will be covered during the course. Prospective
students will have to dedicate a substantial amount of time outside of the classroom to complete
assignments. Students interested in acting will find this course enjoyable.
AS.225.308.01
Shakespeare in Performance
James Glossman
284
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best part of this course was the ability for students to improve public speaking and performance
skills using the works of Shakespeare. This course also taught students how to critique acting technique.
Some students found the professor's feedback to be harsh but beneficial. This course could be
improved by having class more than once a week, and providing students with an extra week to prepare
for final performances. Prospective students should be prepared to perform on stage and able to
handle harsh criticism.
AS.225.310.01
Stagecraft
William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.323.01
Design for the Stage
William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best part about this course was the engaging and super interactive classroom environment. This
course was very hands on; for example, the final project was to build a set. Some students felt they did
not receive enough feedback and class discussions were boring at times. This course could be improved
by having more interactive class participation and providing more visual examples of sets. Prospective
students should know that this course focuses mainly on stage design and not implementation.
Students are encouraged to work hard and seek helpful feedback from the instructor.
AS.225.324.01
Adaptation for the Stage
Joseph Martin
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.328.01
The Existential Drama: Philosophy and Theatre of the Absurd
Joseph Martin
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
285
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES
The best aspects of the course included the interesting course material and assigned readings. Some
students found the lecture style to be unstructured and the assignments not well defined. This course
could be improved by having an instructor with a background in philosophy, scheduling the class to
meet twice a week, and incorporating more classroom discussion. Prospective students should be
prepared for a significant amount of reading and know that this course is based more in theatre than
philosophy.
AS.225.329.01
Acting and Directing Musical Theatre
John Astin, Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best part of this course was the engaging, relaxed, and creative classroom environment. The course
professors had a deep knowledge of theatre and students enjoyed performing songs. Deadlines for
assignments and general course expectations were not always clear. Suggestions for improvement
included having a smaller class size to facilitate more individual attention and posting better guidelines
and clearly outlined due dates. Prospective students should know that you do not need to be able to
sing or act; however, you should be comfortable on stage. If you put forth effort, you will succeed.
AS.225.346.01-02
Creative Improvisation
Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interactive nature of the class that forced students to work
outside of their comfort zones and develop strong relationships with classmates. The professor made
the class setting comfortable for all students. Some students felt the class lacked direction at times and
exercises became repetitive by the end of the course. This course could be improved by having more
frequent improvisational exercises and giving students incentives to participate. Prospective students
will be pushed outside of themselves by this engaging, and interactive course.
286
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
WOMEN GENDER AND SEXUALITY PROGRAM DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.363.302.01
Queer Identity?
Jacob Chilton
Overall quality of the class: 3.27
Summary:
The best part about this class was the interesting and challenging reading assignments. Students noted
that the professor was passionate about the subject area and did a good job facilitating and encouraging
a welcoming, conversational atmosphere. Some students were frustrated by the lack of timely feedback
on assignments, while others felt overwhelmed by the density and difficulty of the readings. This course
could be improved by having a more substantial lecture to help guide discussion, and having a more
clearly defined structure for the course, including dates when assignments would be returned.
Prospective students should have a background in Women Gender Studies and philosophy.
AS.363.395.01
Poetics and Politics of Sex: Intimacy and Its Discontents
Chad Shomura
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the enlightening and encouraging professor who challenged
students to think critically and creatively, and fostered a welcoming and productive class atmosphere.
Students found the readings to be challenging but enjoyable and thought provoking. Some students
struggled with the dense text of "Lauren Berlant". This course could be improved by making the weekly
readings more manageable, or distributing the suggested reading list to students a month before class
starts. Prospective students should know that this course carries a large, but interesting work load.
AS.363.417.01
Internship/ Practicum: Critical Theory and the Possibility of Social Justice
Amy Krauss
287
WOMEN GENDER AND SEXUALITY PROGRAM
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The best part about this course was the engaging and thought provoking discussions fostered by a
resourceful and intelligent professor. Students appreciated the inter-disciplinary approach to the
reading assignments, and generally found them interesting. Some students felt the readings could be
long and difficult, and that they were difficult to connect to the students' internship experiences. This
course could be improved by giving students more say in where they were placed for internships.
Prospective students should have knowledge of anthropology or gender studies and should know that
the course will place you wherever there is an available internship.
288
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2015
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.220.105.01
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Jessica Hudgins
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting works given for reading assignments and the opportunity to improve
their own creative writing skills. Many students felt that the grading was subjective and unclear. The
amount of work assigned for each class was a lot to keep up with especially with having class three
times per week. Suggestions for improvement included increasing opportunities for students to have
detailed feedback from the instructor and creating a clear grading rubric for all assignments. Potential
students should be passionate about creative writing and be prepared for numerous and at times
repetitive assignments.
AS.220.105.02
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Madeline Raskulinecz
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
Students found the workload to be manageable and enjoyed the opportunity to freely express their
creativity through writing assignments. Feedback from classmates and the instructor was helpful. Many
students found that the short stories assignment was time consuming, and that discussion lagged and
became awkward at times. Suggestions for improvement included encouraging more structured class
discussion. Students also suggested increasing opportunities for detailed feedback from the instructor
and encouraging honest feedback from students. Potential students should be prepared to participate
in class discussion and be passionate about creative writing.
AS.220.105.03
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Christopher Childers
289
WRITING SEMINARS
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
Students enjoyed the engaging, passionate instructor and the opportunity to practice creative writing
skills on assignments. Many students found the works assigned limiting and the instructor's grading
subjective and strict. Class lectures often did not stay on topic and students felt that the writing rules
set by the instructor constrained their creativity. Suggestions for improvement included encouraging
more class discussion, introducing more modern works into the reading list, and incorporating a more
definitive and clear grading system. Potential students who are passionate about old literature and
more formal writing styles would benefit from this course.
AS.220.105.04
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Cody Ernst
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Students enjoyed time with the engaging instructor who made classes interesting and entertaining. At
times students found the workshops to be boring and discussions stagnant. Some students found the
feedback from the professor to be subjective and vague. Suggestions for improvement included
increasing writing assignments focused on strengthening specific skills and increasing opportunities for
instructor feedback during workshop. Prospective students will have the opportunity to improve their
writing skills within the course and should become comfortable with sharing their work with others.
AS.220.105.05
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Benjamin Eisman
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the detailed feedback from the flexible and accessible instructor.
Students enjoyed the creativity that the course demanded, as well the interactive small classroom
environment. Students felt the grading was harsh and feedback on graded assignments was not given in
a timely manner. Suggestions for improvement included increasing opportunities for personal feedback
with the professor and having assignments graded in a timelier manner. Prospective students should
keep up with all assignments and come to class prepared for discussion.
AS.220.105.06
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Byron Landry
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
290
WRITING SEMINARS
Students enjoyed the creative writing assignments and engaging, dynamic instructor. Many students
appreciated the freedom that they were given to write on topics of choice within guidelines provided by
the professor. Students felt that grades were assigned arbitrarily and that some assignments were
overly time consuming. Suggestions for improvement included providing students with a clear grading
rubric detailing assignment expectations, and organizing workshops and class discussions better.
Prospective students should keep up with all assignments and come to class prepared for discussion.
This instructor was highly recommended.
AS.220.105.07
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Carmen Dolling
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the instructor's thoughtful feedback on student assignments and
engaging, open class environment. Students felt there was not enough time to analyze the many works
assigned for the course and grading was subjective and sometimes contradictory. Suggestions for
improvement included reducing the number of assignments in order to spend more time on assigned
works. Students preferred to have more opportunities to revise works before the final project.
Prospective students are encouraged to start assignments early and become familiar with the
instructor's style of writing.
AS.220.105.08
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Benjamin Goldberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students enjoyed the engaging, invested instructor and found the feedback from the instructor and
other students helpful. The consistent workload was overwhelming for some students. Many students
felt class was disorganized and grades were not delivered in a timely manner. Suggested improvements
included having clearly defined expectations and due dates spread evenly throughout the semester.
Students also requested having more modern works added to the course and more time dedicated to
analyzing assigned readings. Prospective students are encouraged to start assignments early and
become familiar with the instructor's style of writing.
AS.220.105.10
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Taylor Daynes
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the instructor's commitment to helping students improve their
writing and the interesting and engaging class discussion. Many students found the assignments to be
time consuming and feedback from classmates to be overly opinionated. Grading was felt to be harsh
291
WRITING SEMINARS
by some students. Suggestions for improvement included having a clearer and more detailed syllabus,
fewer reading assignments, and a more lenient grading system. Prospective students interested in
improving writing skills are encouraged to take this course and come to class prepared to participate in
class discussion.
AS.220.105.12
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Joseph Frantz
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
Students enjoyed the engaging instructor who made class interactive and fostered a relaxed and
collaborative learning environment. Students felt that the assignments were lengthy and would have
preferred a lighter workload with shorter assignments. Feedback from the professor was not always
returned to students in a timely manner. Suggestions for improvement included decreasing the
workload and having a well-defined rubric for grading. Prospective students should be prepared for a
significant amount of writing. This course is highly recommended as students found the grading to be
fair and their writing skills improved.
AS.220.105.13
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Callie Siskel
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Students enjoyed the inspiring and engaging instructor. Feedback on assignments was helpful and
students felt that their creative writing skills improved. Some students felt that the grading for the
course was subjective at times and not delivered in a timely manner. Suggestions for improvement
included instituting a clearer grading policy, adding a wider variety of fiction and poetry, and providing
faster feedback to students on completed work. Prospective students interested in fiction and poetry
are encouraged to take this course. Prospective students should prepare for a consistent amount of
writing each week and to have their work evaluated by other students.
AS.220.105.14
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Lauren Winchester
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the accessible and engaging instructor who gave students helpful
individual feedback and facilitated lively, interesting class discussion. Students reported feeling
comfortable presenting their thoughts both in class and through writing because of the inviting
atmosphere that the professor fostered. Some students found some of the assignments to be tedious
and the poetry unit to be difficult. Suggestions for improvement included spending more time on the
292
WRITING SEMINARS
poetry unit. Prospective students will find the assignments to be manageable and the stories
interesting. No background in poetry or fiction is necessary.
AS.220.105.15
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Michael Booe
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fun assignments and relaxed, open class environment. Feedback from students
and the instructor was helpful. Class discussion lagged at times and students felt that the instructor did
not always engage the class in discussion well. Some students found feedback and grading to be
subjective. Suggestions for improvement included having a clear rubric outlining expectations for
assignments and fostering better class interaction and discussion. Prospective students are encouraged
to take this course in order to improve creative writing skills and better understand the creative process
of writing poetry and short stories.
AS.220.105.16
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Yi Xie
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
Students enjoyed the freedom to write their own creative pieces and read a variety of interesting stories
and poems. The instructor was encouraging and gave helpful feedback on assignments. Students found
peer review to be tedious and repetitive. Some students felt that grading was subjective and arbitrary.
Suggestions for improvement included spending more time on writing techniques, assigning more
relevant readings that better coincide with course work, and decreasing the amount of peer review
letters. Prospective students should be prepared to work hard and participate in class activities.
AS.220.105.17
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Taylor Koekkoek
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the encouraging and open instructor, enjoyable class assignments,
and interesting readings. Students agreed that the weekly workshop sessions helped them to identify
strengths and weaknesses in their writing and ultimately to improve. Some students found assignments
to be time consuming and difficult to write. Suggestions for improvement included decreasing the
number of assignments, communicating grades to students in a timely manner, and including literary
works from authors of different cultures and genders. Prospective students will enjoy this course as the
workload is manageable and the instructor is supportive.
AS.220.105.22
293
WRITING SEMINARS
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Zehra Nabi
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting literary works assigned and the knowledgeable
instructor. Students felt the workload was overwhelming and tedious at times and the grading was
subjective. Suggestions for improvement included lessening the amount of reading assignments in
order to have more in-depth conversations on a few works. Students also suggested having greater
diversity in the assigned literature and more in class poetry assignments for practice. Prospective
students should be aware that no prior knowledge is necessary and class participation is an important
factor to do well in the course. Assignments should be started as early as possible.
AS.220.105.23
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Molly Lynch
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interactive atmosphere of the class fostered by the engaging instructor. Some
students found the amount of writing assignments to be overwhelming and some course topics to be
less interesting than others. Suggestions for improvement included adding more interesting readings
and having more opportunities to meet with the instructor during office hours to discuss writing
assignments and grades. Prospective students will enjoy this course as the workload is manageable and
the instructor is supportive. Prospective students are also encouraged to put in the work necessary to
benefit from the course and improve writing skills.
AS.220.106.03
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Matthew Morton
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the insightful feedback from the professor and the interesting and
engaging course material. Some students felt that the amount of printing for the class was heavy and
the course became repetitive towards the end of the semester. Suggestions for improvement included
increasing the amount of in-class activities and increasing the opportunities for peer review. Students
also suggested adding more diverse readings from authors of different cultures and backgrounds.
Prospective students of any major are encouraged to take this course to improve their writing skills.
Prospective students should be prepared to contribute to class discussion and for a writing intensive
work load.
AS.220.106.04; 08
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Daniel Stintzi
294
WRITING SEMINARS
Overall quality of the class: 4.52
Summary:
Students enjoyed the intellectually stimulating class discussion and interesting course material.
Feedback on assignments was abundant and helpful. Some of the readings did not interest or appeal to
students. Suggestions for improvement included adding more varied works into the syllabus or giving
students the opportunity to choose works they found interesting. Students also suggested keeping the
class in larger group discussion format which was more engaging and productive than the smaller group
breakout sessions. Prospective students are encouraged to actively participate and seek out the
instructor for feedback outside of class time in order to improve writing.
AS.220.106.05
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Matthew Morton
Overall quality of the class: 4.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the class discussions and helpful feedback from the instructor who
fostered a collaborative and comfortable environment. Students would have preferred equal attention
to works of fiction and felt the unit was cut short due to the instructor's preference for poetry.
Suggestions for improvement included extending the page limit on fiction writing assignments and
restructuring the course so that equal time is spent on fiction and poetry. Prospective students will
enjoy this course as students found their writing skills improved and the workload was manageable.
AS.220.106.06
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Robert Mitchell
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
Students enjoyed the engaging instructor who was supportive and accessible. Students had the
freedom to develop ideas and gain valuable feedback. Many students felt the grading was strict and
found that the peer review sessions were not insightful or helpful. Suggestions for improvement
included not having the course in the recreational center and having more guidelines for workshop
sessions. This course and instructor was highly recommended. Prospective students should be
prepared for a manageable workload with a significant amount of writing.
AS.220.106.12; 14
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Nathan McNamara
Overall quality of the class: 4.52
Summary:
295
WRITING SEMINARS
The best aspects of this course were the class discussions and helpful feedback from the instructor who
fostered a comfortable environment. Students appreciated the challenges that the professor presented
to individual students throughout the semester, as well as the the variety of materials assigned. Many
students felt the grading was too harsh and subjective. Suggestions for improvement included providing
a clear grading rubric and spending more time on works of fiction. Prospective students should keep up
with all assignments, come prepared for class discussion, and learn the instructor's style and writing
preferences.
AS.220.106.13; 15
Fiction Poetry Writing II
John Grasser
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
Students enjoyed the inspiring and engaging instructor who introduced students to various works of
poetry and fiction. Students had the freedom to discuss ideas, write about their interests, and gain
valuable feedback. Many students felt that the grading was subjective and that the peer review sessions
were not helpful or insightful. Suggestions for improvement included having more available office hours
and better structured peer review workshops. Students also suggested a clear rubric of assignment
expectations and more in class writing exercises. Prospective students should be prepared for a
manageable yet significant amount of writing and should come to class prepared to contribute to
discussion.
AS.220.106.16-17
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Elizabeth Thompson
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging, well mediated class discussions and helpful feedback
from the instructor and other students. Students appreciated how structured and organized the
instructor made the course. Many students felt the reading assignments were lengthy and grading
guidelines were unclear. Suggestions for improvement included providing a clear grading rubric and
spending more time on works of fiction. Students also suggested having more time in class for writing
and having smaller workshop groups. Prospective students should keep up with all assignments and
readings to benefit from the course. Class participation is very important.
AS.220.106.19-20
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Kjerstin Kauffman
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the class discussions, the wide variety of literature assigned, and
helpful individualized feedback from the instructor. The class environment was supportive and
296
WRITING SEMINARS
welcoming. Many students felt that the reading quizzes were difficult and that the workload was
overwhelming at times. Suggestions for improvement included having more in-class writing exercises
and not setting deadlines for the middle of the week. Some students suggested increasing the time
spent on fiction and decreasing peer review sessions. Prospective students should be interested in
creative writing and keep up with all assignments in order to be prepared for class discussion.
AS.220.106.23-24
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Julia Heney
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the helpful feedback from the instructor and other students. Many
students felt the discussion lagged at times due to students' reluctance to participate. Suggestions for
improvement included dedicating more class time to writing techniques and having more structured and
productive discussions. Students also suggested having a larger class size in order to facilitate
discussion. Prospective students should be interested in creative writing in order to benefit most from
the course. Prospective students should keep up with all assignments and come prepared to contribute
to class discussion.
AS.220.108.01
Introduction to Fiction and Nonfiction
Joanne Cavanaugh-Simpson
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspects of class were the engaging discussion and the encouraging instructor who fostered a
supportive environment. Students found feedback from the instructor to be very detailed and helpful.
Students felt that the readings were lengthy and became repetitive as the semester continued. The
class time was long and students would have preferred to have met more than once a week or have
scheduled breaks. Suggestions for improvement included providing a clear syllabus and making all
materials accessible to students online. Prospective students of any major should take the course to
improve writing skills. Prospective students are encouraged to begin assignments early and participate
in class discussion.
AS.220.200.01
Introduction to Fiction
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the knowledgeable, humorous, and approachable instructor.
Students praised the instructor for providing detailed feedback on assignments that help students
improve their writing abilities. Some students claimed that the due dates for assignments were unclear,
and others felt that the workshops were stressful when their own work was being analyzed. This course
297
WRITING SEMINARS
could be improved by having more in-depth class discussions. Prospective students should know that
this course has a very manageable workload. This course and professor were highly recommended.
AS.220.200.02
Introduction to Fiction
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best part about this class was the professor's ability to push students out of their writing comfort
zone and help them grow as writers. Students enjoyed the exposure that they received to different
types of fiction, and appreciated the professor's candid commentary about their writing. Many students
found this course to be disorganized, and others claimed that class discussions too frequently went off
on tangents. This class could be improved by giving students more writing assignments. Prospective
students should know that this class is great for improving writing style.
AS.220.200.03
Introduction to Fiction
Matthew Klam
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fact that the professor managed to make his two and a half hour class seemingly
fly by with fun, interesting and engaging discussions. Students appreciated the professor's ability to
foster thoughtful group discussion, as well as the lengthy and insightful feedback that he provided on
writing assignments. Some students found this course to be a bit disorganized, and students were
occasionally unclear as to assignment due dates. This course could be improved by having a more
structured syllabus. Prospective students should know this course will require lot of reading and writing,
as well as providing commentary on peers' work.
AS.220.201.01
Introduction to Poetry Writing
James Arthur
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the passionate and helpful professor, whose enthusiasm for the
material was infectious. Students praised the professor for fostering vibrant discussion, providing useful
feedback on assignments, and helping students to improve their writing skills. Some students struggled
with the fact they had to memorize poetry, which at times felt tedious and irrelevant. Others found the
daily blog entries to be difficult to keep up with. This class could be improved by having a more
standardized grading. Prospective students should know this rigorous course will require weekly writing
assignments that will help students improve writing skills.
AS.220.201.02
298
WRITING SEMINARS
Introduction to Poetry Writing
Mary Jo Salter
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the approachable professor who provided clear expectations for
assignments as well as detailed, insightful feedback. Students found that the readings complimented
the frequent writing assignments, and that the workshops helped students refine their writing skills.
Many students found the professor to be nit-picky about their poetry, and that the focus on the
technical aspects of the poetry meant that others were ignored. This class could be improved by having
more transparency about grades, and spending more time on each poem in workshop. Prospective
students should know that this class is great for those looking to improve their writing skills.
AS.220.311.01
Intermediate Fiction: Point of View
Katharine Noel
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The best part of this course was the interesting, well organized workshops. Some students found it
disappointing that all assigned material was not covered in class. This course could be improved by
discussing more short stories during the anthology phase. Prospective students should know that this
course will require a lot of preparation for workshop. Students are encouraged to attend all lectures
and commit to the writing process and course activities.
AS.220.315.01
Intermediate Poetry: Sound Effects
Dora Malech
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students enjoyed the encouraging, approachable professor who was passionate about course material.
Some students felt this course was disorganized concerning assignment due dates and the workload was
heavy. Students would have preferred the ability to choose which assignments were selected for
workshop. This course could be improved by having poems due on class lecture days, and having more
opportunities to get feedback from the professor. Prospective students will enjoy this class and should
be prepared for weekly assignments.
AS.220.317.01
Writing About Science II
David Grimm
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
299
WRITING SEMINARS
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.327.01
Intermediate Fiction: Characters
Brad Leithauser
Overall quality of the class: 3.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the class dynamic, fun readings, and freedom to choose
assignments. This course helped students to develop strong and diverse characters. Some students felt
that having class twice a week and receiving more feedback on assignments would have been beneficial.
This course could be improved by providing students with more workshop time. Prospective students
should know that this class had a manageable reading load and was discussion, not workshop based.
AS.220.378.01
Poetic Forms II
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the fun topics covered and weekly workshops. The supportive,
encouraging professor was insightful and helped push students to work outside of their comfort zones.
Some students found the weekly poetry assignments challenging. This course could be improved by
changing the workshop schedule. Prospective students should know this course was demanding yet
rewarding. Students were required to have seven portfolio poems by the end of the semester.
AS.220.379.01
Intermediate Poetry: Performing Shakespeare
David Yezzi
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the opportunities to perform course material and the sense of
community created between students. Some students found it difficult to write play summaries in the
first person and class time could become boring, as only one student was workshopped each class. This
course could be improved by meeting twice a week and capping enrollment at ten students.
Prospective students should know this course will challenge performance skills and require a lot of
memorization.
AS.220380.01
Intermediate Fiction: The Scene
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
300
WRITING SEMINARS
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting, knowledgeable instructor who gave students
great feedback. Students felt the course set-up was repetitive and there were not enough writing
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included meeting twice per week at shorter time periods.
Prospective students interested in creative writing will have the opportunity to improve their writing
skills. This course was highly recommended.
AS.220.400.01
Advanced Poetry Workshop
John Irwin
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the classroom structure. Students were able to spend a significant
amount of time work-shopping and the professor provided students with interesting discussion topics.
Some students found it frustrating that feedback was not given after each assignment and the class
lectures were too long. This course could be improved by having the instructor provide more consistent
feedback on assignments. Prospective students will find the course load manageable and will have the
freedom to write in any poetry style.
AS.220.401.01
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Matthew Klam
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the detailed, helpful workshops and the enthusiastic professor who
created a safe environment for students to improve their writing. Some students found it hard to work
with others who were not as motivated to develop their skills in fiction writing. Suggestions for
improvement included having more writing assignments to practice skills, getting more feedback from
the professor, and incentivizing serious peer review of assignments. Prospective students should be
self-motivated and interested in fiction writing.
AS.220.401.02
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Roderic Puchner
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.417.01
Advance Nonfiction Workshop
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
301
WRITING SEMINARS
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the informal nature of the course and the opportunity to create
and revise one writing piece the entire semester. Students felt workshops were frustrating at times as
students weren't always prepared and class discussion lagged. Suggestions for improvement included
having written feedback from the professor on work, and having specific deadlines for paper
development throughout the semester. Prospective students should be prepared for a rigorous course
that provides the opportunity to improve writing skills and gain expert advice from the instructor.
AS.220.424.01
Science as Narrative
Richard Panek
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.429.01
Readings in Poetry: Poetry in Ireland Since 1900
James Arthur
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best part of this course was the lively and helpful workshops. Students found the feedback received
to be helpful. The historical readings were difficult at times and the overall workload was intense. This
course could be improved by spending time discussing the historical elements of the course in class,
increasing class participation and interaction, and alternating which student groups wrote prompts first.
Prospective students should know that this course has a heavy workload, but students will develop
knowledge on the mechanics of poetry.
AS.220.430.01
Readings in Poetry: Lives of the Poets
David Yezzi
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fascinating course readings and interesting class discussions, especially the topic
on the role of biography. Students felt that class was dry at times due in part to a lack of student
participation. Feedback from the instructor was minimal. Suggestions for improvement included finding
ways to encourage students to participate and focusing on more than four poets for the semester.
Prospective students will find the coursework manageable and interesting.
AS.220.431.01
Readings in Fiction: Origins of the Short Story
Tristan Davies
302
WRITING SEMINARS
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging professor, the helpful workshops, and lively class
discussion. Students felt the readings were too long and assignment expectations were unclear.
Suggestions for improvement included finding ways to encourage students to participate, assigning
fewer readings, and having better guided workshops with concrete feedback. Prospective students
should be prepared to write four stories during the semester and come prepared to class with the
readings done.
AS.220.432.01
Readings in Fiction: Innovators of the Short Story
Roderic Puchner
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the effective way in which short story components were taught.
The professor was knowledgeable and helpful in giving students a deeper understanding of the course
material. Students felt the reading load assigned each week was overwhelming. This course could be
improved by decreasing the amount of reading and incorporating discussion prompts to better engage
students. Prospective students are encouraged to work efficiently in order to complete work on time as
this course requires a significant amount of reading.
303
