JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY
Homewood Course Guide
Summaries of Student Course Evaluations for Fall 2011
1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Africana Studies 5
Anthropology 7
Applied Mathematics and Statistics 11
Art Workshops 23
Behavioral Biology 26
Biology 28
Biomedical Engineering 35
Biophysics 45
Center for Language Education: Arabic 48
Center for Language Education: Chinese 50
Center for Language Education: Hebrew 53
Center for Language Education: Hindi 54
Center for Language Education: Japanese 55
Center for Language Education: Korean 57
Center for Language Education: Russian 59
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering 61
Chemistry 71
Civil Engineering 77
Classics 82
Cognitive Science 85
Computer Science 89
Earth and Planetary Science 102
Economics 106
Electrical and Computer Engineering 112
Engineering Management 121
2
English 123
Entrepreneurship and Management 138
Film and Media Studies 148
General Engineering 152
Geography and Environmental Engineering 154
German and Romance Languages and Literatures 162
History 180
History of Art 189
History of Science and Technology 194
Humanities 197
Information Security Institute 201
Interdepartmental 204
Latin American Studies 207
Materials Science and Engineering 209
Mathematics 216
Mechanical Engineering 223
Military Science 232
Museums and Society Program 236
Music 239
NanoBioTechnology 243
Near Eastern Studies 245
Neuroscience 249
Philosophy 253
Physics 258
Political Science 266
Professional Communication 278
Psychology 286
3
Public Health Studies 295
Public Policy 298
Sociology 300
Theatre Arts and Studies 304
Writing Seminars 308
4
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
AFRICANA STUDIES
The write-in student response to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.362.313.01
The Construction of the African Diaspora in the Americas
Franklin Knight
Overall quality of this course: 3.6
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include an instructor who was very knowledgeable of the
subject matter, and the interesting in-class discussions. Students felt that the readings
did not correlate with the in-class discussions, and that the expectations for student
essays and participation were not clearly defined. Suggestions for improvement focused
on emphasizing current diasporas or diasporas from the 1800s. Future students should
be aware that there is a lot of reading, and they should have critical thinking skills.
AS.362.340.01
Power and Racism
Floyd Hayes
Overall quality of this course: 4.79
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include an inspiring, passionate instructor who created a
welcoming environment for interesting discussions which challenged the students
intellectually. Some students felt that the instructor sometimes went off-topic during
lecture. Suggestions for improvement include: splitting the long lectures into smaller
sessions and providing more feedback on papers. Future students should put effort into
5
AFRICANA STUDIES
the readings and participation, be able to think critically, and should be well-prepared to
defend their responses to the readings.
AS.362.357.01
Black Existential Thought
Floyd Hayes
Overall quality of this course: 5
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging professor and the small class size.
Students felt that while the discussions were thought-provoking, more time could have
been spent on understanding the readings. A suggestion for improvement was to meet
twice a week for a shorter period of time. Future students should be aware of the
challenging assignments and the instructor's high expectations that push students to
learn a lot.
6
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
ANTHROPOLOGY
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
070.113.01
Freshman Seminar
Niloofar Haeri
Overall quality of this course: 3.97
Summary:
The students enjoyed how enthusiastic and knowledgeable the professor was about the
material, and the variety of selected readings was enjoyable. The weakest aspect of the course
was the length of the class meeting time; students felt that it caused discussions to be
unstructured and lag at times. Students suggested offering a shorter class twice a week, with
more time devoted to lecturing on more subjects, and smaller class sizes to better facilitate
discussion. Future students should be aware that there is a substantial amount of reading and a
reflection paper due every week; however, grades are only based on attendance, participation,
and the short papers.
AS.070.259.01
Gift and Sacrifice
Juan Obarrio
Overall quality of this course: 3.18
Summary:
The readings for the course were very enjoyable, and the professor's experiences added a lot to
the class discussions. The class had a relaxing structure because there were not weekly
assignments. The weaker aspects of the class were that it was difficult for students to know
their standing in the class, and the class was structured poorly. Suggestions for improving the
7
ANTHROPOLOGY
class included varying the form of lectures by using Powerpoints, pictures and videos; students
also thought that a syllabus would be useful to help structure the class. Future students should
know that the grading is ambiguous and the professor takes a while to return graded
assignments.
AS.070.285.01
Understanding Aid
Emma Cervone
Overall quality of this course: 3.86
Summary:
Some of the stronger aspects of this course include the subject matter itself. The students also
found the course to be well-structured, incorporating lectures, discussions, and documentaries
which made the class engaging and interesting. Students felt that is was a bit unclear as to what
was expected of them for the assignments. Some suggestions for improvement include having
essay topics be a little more intellectually challenging and not so general, and including more
structured discussion in class so that more students participate. Future students should know
that there is a lot of reading, but it is interesting and manageable. The students also felt that the
grading was fair and the overall class was enjoyable and interesting.
AS.070.291.01
Social Networks and Beyond
Aaron Goodfellow
Overall quality of this course: 4.28
Summary:
The strongest aspects of this course include the assigned readings and the way the professor
structured discussions, which encouraged participation. The course was interesting and
engaging; students also liked that papers could be resubmitted for a better grade after making
improvements. The weaker aspects of the course include that that the class often did not start
or end on time, and that some of the readings were dense. One suggestion for improvement for
this course was to assign the shorter article readings at the beginning of the semester, or just to
reduce the overall volume of reading. Future students should know that there is a fair amount
(about 150 pages per week) of reading for this course, but it is manageable. The grading favors
the student, since the professor welcomes resubmissions of papers so students have many
opportunities to improve their grades.
AS.070.309.01
Anthropology of Media
Anand Pandian
Overall quality of this course is: 4.26
8
ANTHROPOLOGY
Summary:
The students enjoyed the in-class discussions, which were well-led by the professor who
encouraged students to express their opinions. The students enjoyed the use of varied media
towards the end of the semester. Some students felt that the weaker aspects of the course
included dense readings, the overly-ambitious final project, and that lectures were not always
conducted efficiently. Some suggestions for improvement are to assign shorter readings and
slowing down the pace of professor's lecturing voice in order for students to better comprehend
what is being said. Future students should know that there is a fair amount of reading and that
they should pick a topic they are interested in for the final documentary movie project, in order
to make it more enjoyable. Also, prior knowledge of anthropology is not necessary for this
course.
AS.070.319.01
Logic of Anthropological Inquiry
Jane Guyer
Overall quality of this course: 4.45
Summary:
The strongest aspect of this course was the assigned reading material, which were interesting
and relevant. The class also liked the written weekly written assignments, which were extremely
effective in helping understand the concepts. Some students felt that the lectures were a bit
unorganized, and at times they were ambiguous. One suggestion for improving this course was
to have more in-class discussions on the readings in order to better understand them. Future
students should be aware that there is a lot of reading and writing involved for this course but it
is manageable.
AS.070.321.01
Prisons and Police
Clara Han
Overall quality of this course: 3.1
Summary:
Some of the stronger aspects of this course include the interesting topics covered in reading
assignments and in-class discussions. Many students felt that lectures were often confusing and
that the professor did not answer questions clearly or address them at all; lectures were also
riddled with vocabulary or readings that students were unfamiliar with which made it difficult to
follow along with. They also felt that the course description was not accurate and the class was
too philosophical. One suggestion for improvement of this course was to have lectures be more
organized, and for the professor to make the main points be known more clearly. Future
students should know that the course doesn't really fit the description and there is weekly
reading and responses and that the professor is a hard grader.
9
ANTHROPOLOGY
AS.070.338.01
Anthropology of Prayer
Niloofar Haeri
Overall quality of this course: 3.73
Summary:
The strongest aspects of this course included the subject matter and the readings that were
assigned. Because the readings were interesting, in-class discussions were very enjoyable and
engaging. One of the weakest aspects of this course was that the expectations for the written
assignments were often unclear. Some suggestions for improving this course include making
assignment expectations clearer and incorporating more religions into the course to be able to
compare from a more diverse group. Future students should know that there is a lot of
discussion that goes on in this class and there is a written assignment due every other week.
AS.070.349.01
Buddhism and Science
Urmila Nair
Overall quality of this course: 3.81
Summary:
The strongest aspects of this course included the interesting topics that were covered and the
associated reading material and discussions that ensued; the students felt that they were
engaged throughout the class. Although the material covered was interesting, it was a bit
abstract and there was no clear connection between what was covered and the topic of the
course; some found the material too philosophical. One suggestion for improvement for this
course is to include more applicable texts to the course or at least make the connection
between the texts and the course topic more clear. Future students should know that the
readings can be dense at times, but they are manageable. This class is graded fairly.
10
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.550.100.01
Introduction to Applied Mathematics and Statistics
Daniel Naiman
Overall quality of this course: 3.47
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include learning about the different topics of study in the
Applied Math and Statistics department, and having the opportunity to meet many
professors in the department. Students felt that the homework was difficult and too
time consuming for a 1 credit introductory course. Suggestions for improvement include
assigning homework more relevant to the lecture material, and providing clearer
assignment instructions and objectives. Future students should be aware that the
course is difficult and requires a higher level of prior math knowledge; a background in
discrete math is suggested.
EN.550.111.01-06
Statistical Analysis 1
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of this course: 3.32
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include clear lectures and the professor's thorough
explanations of the fundamentals behind the concepts. Students felt that the instructor
rushed through the material, and the lectures were too repetitive, theoretical, and
11
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
intellectually challenging. Suggestions for improvement include slowing down the
course, using more concrete and thorough examples, and a better selection of
homework problems that are also reflected in the exams. Future students should be
aware that the exams are difficult, the assignments are long and tedious, and students
should read the textbook before class and seek extra help when needed.
EN.550.112.01-04
Statistical Analysis II
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of this course: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include an instructor that had clear expectations and
lectures that were straightforward, well-organized, with many example problems.
Students felt that the exams were too long for the amount of time provided, and there
was too much homework. Suggestions for improvement include connecting section and
lecture material more, going over more practice exam questions, and having homework
solutions available on blackboard. Future students should be aware that while the
workload and exams are reasonable and straightforward, the grading is tough, and it is
important to keep up with the homework and to pay attention in class.
EN.550.171.01-03
Discrete Mathematics
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of this course: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the interesting subject matter, the professor's
teaching style, and the textbook. Students felt that lectures were taken up by long
proofs, and they did not substantially cover key topics. Students also felt that they were
inadequately prepared for the homework. Suggestions for improvement include
reducing the number of proofs, providing clearer homework expectations, and assigning
homework problems that will reflect test questions. Prospective students should know
that this class is more theoretical than other math classes, and they must be prepared to
read the textbook, spend significant time on the homework, and know how to construct
proofs.
EN.550.252.01
Math Models-Decision Making: Stochastic Models
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
12
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
This class had 5 or fewer comments
EN.550.291.01-02
Linear Algebra & Differential Equations
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of this course: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include clear lectures and straightforward exams. Many
students felt that there was too much material covered in one semester. Students were
disappointed that homework solutions weren't available, that there were no test review
sessions, and that that some exam questions weren't clear. Suggestions for
improvement include informing the class of which textbook sessions will be covered in
each lecture, including more examples in lecture, explaining difficult concepts more
thoroughly, and curving exam grades. Future students should pay attention in class, do
the homework, and be prepared for very theoretical discussions on the subject matter.
EN.550.310.01-03
Probability & Statistics for the Physical Sciences & Engineering
Vince Lyzinski
Overall quality of this course: 4.36
Summary:
The strongest aspects were that lectures were effective, and the instructor was
approachable and passionate about teaching the material. Students felt that some
course material was glazed over quickly and was too varied, and that the homework was
too challenging and sometimes unrelated to the lectures. Suggestions for improvement
include changing the textbook, including more concrete examples covering the difficult
material, and providing more application of the theory to practical purposes.
Prospective students should have an understanding of calculus, attend lectures because
the material on tests are often not covered in the textbook, and read chapters ahead of
each class as the lectures move quickly.
EN.550.311.01-02
Probability and Statistics for the Biological Sciences and Engineering
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of this course: 3.66
Summary:
13
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
The best aspects of the course include the lecture notes that were posted online and the
instructor's teaching effectiveness. Students felt that the Arellano Theater was a
distracting learning environment, and that the homework did not correlate well with the
material on the exams. Suggestions for improvement include providing more homework
examples in class, less theory and more real world applications of the subject matter,
and changing the classroom. Future students should be aware that the class is not
graded on a curve, but hard work on the homework and tests will pay off and be
reflected in their final grade. Knowledge of multivariable calculus is also helpful.
EN.550.361.01-03
Intro to Optimization
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of this course: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the high quality and effective lectures, interesting
material, and the professor's investment in each student's progress. Students felt that
the Matlab programming component of the course was challenging and not effective.
Suggestions for improvement include providing resources on course topics, having more
detailed lectures and hands-on help with the Matlab programming homework, offering
review sessions, and making the lecture notes available to the class online. Prospective
students should know that the class assumes basic familiarity with linear algebra, and
that prior Matlab or programming experience would be beneficial. Exams are based on
the lectures, so attendance in class is crucial.
EN.550.385.01
Scientific Computing: Linear Algebra
Youngmi Hur
Overall quality of this course: 3.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the thorough, organized lectures, and the
professor's interest in the students' needs. Students felt that the course did not spend
enough time on examples, the homework assignments were long and difficult, and the
textbook was difficult to follow. Suggestions for improvement include changing the
textbook, covering less material, and spending more time on examples in class.
Prospective students should know that the course is difficult, knowledge of linear
algebra is assumed, and prior experience with Matlab is beneficial but not required.
EN.550.391.01
14
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Dynamical Systems
Gregory Eyink
Overall quality of this course: 3.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.400.01
Mathematical Modeling and Consulting
Daniel Naiman
Overall quality of this course: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include learning how to program in R, its application to
the real world, and the engaging lecturer. Students felt that the quizzes were difficult,
the class sometimes focused too much on theory, and that the scarcity of homework
assignments made it difficult to practice applications of the material taught in class.
Suggestions for improvement include assigning homework assignments that are shorter
more frequently, giving more practice quizzes with more guidance, and posting the R
code online for students to review for upcoming lectures. Prospective students should
know that it is helpful to have a strong background in statistics and mathematical
programming.
EN.550.413.01
Applied Statistics and Data Analysis
Matthew Sedlock
Overall quality of this course: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the high quality of the instructor's notes, the
approachable instructor, and the hands on experience in learning R code. Students felt
that the homework didn't relate to the exam questions, the homework wasn't posted
regularly, and it was unclear what the expectations were for the course. Suggestions for
improvement include relating exam questions to the homework assignments, offering
more real world applications, and posting lecture notes before each class. Prospective
students would benefit from having some basic statistical knowledge, and should be
prepared to write code for the exams.
EN.550.420.01-04
Intro to Probability
John Wierman
15
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Overall quality of this course: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the engaging and organized instructor, the
practice tests, weekly tutorials, and the non-competitive grading system. The main
concern students had about this course were the confusing and ineffective PowerPoint
presentations, and the long theoretical explanations and proofs. Suggestions for
improvement include not lecturing off the PowerPoint slides, focusing on concepts and
how they fit together, and going over more practical example problems in class that are
related to problems on homework or exams. Prospective students should know that it is
helpful to have taken Discrete Math, Calculus I, 2, and 3, and to keep up with the work.
EN.550.427.01
Stochastic Processes and Applications to Finance
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of this course: 4.41
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the clear and effective lectures and the clear and
useful subject matter. Students felt that there was too much content and focus on
theory, and that there were not enough examples provided in lectures. Suggestions for
improvement include spending more time explaining the homework, reviewing more
examples in class, and explaining the goals of the theoretical proofs. Prospective
students should know that a lot of probability theory is taught in class, and it would be
beneficial to have a strong math background, especially in probability and measure
theory.
EN.550.433.01
Monte Carlo Methods
Nam Lee
Overall quality of this course: 3.31
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the practical and interesting subject matter and
effective homework assignments. Students felt that the lectures were disorganized,
confusing, and logically hard to follow. They disliked that there was no textbook, and
they thought that the class was too theoretical and lacked simulation practice.
Suggestions for improvement include providing a textbook, creating a more cohesive
curriculum, structuring the class better, and assigning homework in a timely manner.
Prospective students should know that this class is challenging, and it would be
beneficial to have some basic programming experience and some knowledge of
stochastic processes.
16
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.436.01
Data Mining
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of this course: 3.58
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting material, homework, and hands-on
term project. Students felt that the professor did not effectively cover the concepts
necessary to complete the homework and project, and that there was no strong
connection between lectures and the homework. Suggestions for improvement include
having more resources available, such as a textbook or practice questions, and using
more R programming to convey specific concepts. Prospective students should know
that the class is difficult, but interesting, and it is sometimes challenging to complete the
homework without consulting outside sources of information.
EN.550.442.01
Investment Science
Luis Chavez-Bedoya
Overall quality of this course: 4.3
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the clear and effective lectures, and the
instructor's approachability and willingness to help students understand the material.
Students felt that the homework was too time-consuming and graded inconsistently,
the test expectations were unclear, and the class was scheduled too late in the day.
Suggestions for improvement include offering more review sessions and practice
problems similar to the exam questions. Prospective students would benefit from
having background experience in programming and linear algebra, which would help in
completing the homework.
EN.550.444.01
Introduction to Financial Derivatives
David Audley
Overall quality of this course: 3.9
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the personable professor, interesting and
practical material applicable to the financial world, and excellent textbook. Students felt
that the lectures were long, that the use of PowerPoint made it difficult to completely
understand the material, and that there was too much material packed into too little
17
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
time. Suggestions for improvement include returning homework faster, providing more
examples of the course material being applied to the real world, and explaining
concepts on the board and engaging the students more in lectures. Prospective students
should be aware that the class gets progressively difficult, and that familiarity with
probability or statistics and calculus is helpful.
EN.550.446.01
Risk Measurement/Management in Financial Markets
David Audley
Overall quality of this course: 4.07
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.461.01
Optimization in Finance
James Tzitzouris
Overall quality of this course: 3.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments
EN.550.463.01-02
Network Models in Operations Research
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of this course: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the effective and organized lectures, the relevant
real world material and interesting subject matter, and the good mix of theory and
application. Students felt that there was more theoretical material than expected.
Suggestions for improvement include having optional programming assignments to
implement the algorithms discussed in class. Prospective students should know that
they are expected to do many proofs for homework, and that understanding graph
theory would be helpful.
EN.550.493.01
Mathematical Image Analysis
Elie Younes
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
Summary:
18
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
The best aspects of the course include the high level application of mathematical theory
of variation calculus to low level image processing, and the use of Matlab coding
experience in the homework assignments. Students felt that this course required more
prior experience than just linear algebra and calculus, and quickly became difficult
without enough time to brush up on fundamental concepts. Suggestions for
improvement include providing more examples of codes, more student interaction in
lectures so that they aren't left behind, and spending some time on fundamentals or
providing reference texts to review the necessary concepts. Prospective students should
have a good mathematical background; they would benefit from familiarity with
variable calculus, basic image processing skills and Matlab programming.
EN.550.620.01
Probability Theory I
James Fill
Overall quality of this course: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the course organization and the interesting and
effective professor, who progressed through the material in a logical and easy to follow
manner. Students felt that the lectures could rely less on lecture slides and more on the
blackboard, as the pace of the class was often too fast, and there was too much material
covered in one semester. Suggestions for improvement include going through the
proofs and problems more on the blackboard, having a variety of homework problems,
and slowing the pace of the class. Prospective students should know that a strong
background in probability, real analysis, and functional analysis would help succeed in
this class, and they should also spend time working through the suggested extra
exercises and reading lecture notes before class.
EN.550.630.01
Statistical Theory
Carey Priebe
Overall quality of this course: 4.4
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the effective and engaging instructor, who
highlights important topics, provides real world examples, and is responsive to student
questions. Students felt that the textbook was difficult to understand and that the TAs
were not well prepared for sections. Suggestions for improvement include using a better
book and utilizing a projector for reviewing proofs that contain equations and simplified
notation. Prospective students should know that a strong math background in statistics,
calculus, and programming would be beneficial, along with completing the readings
before class.
19
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.635.01
Topics in Bioinformatics
Donald Geman
Overall quality of this course: 4.7
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the interactive discussions, student
presentations, effective professor, and the good introduction to the variety of methods
in bioinformatics that is useful for research application. Suggestions for improvement
include providing more feedback on the weekly paper critiques and more tutorials on
specific topics such as genetic linkage analysis and machine learning in computational
biology. Prospective students should have a good background in elementary probability
and statistics.
EN.550.642.01
Commodities and Commodity Derivatives
Helyette Geman
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.661.01
Foundations of Optimization
Treven Wall
Overall quality of this course: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the strong foundation it builds in basic topics of
linear optimization before practically applying the theory to real life examples. Students
felt that the main goals and topics of the course weren't clear, that some material was
loosely covered without much depth into their usefulness, and there was too much
theory and proofs. Suggestions for improvement include providing more examples and
focusing more on applications of the theory, rather than simply lecturing straight from
the proofs in the textbook. Some Matlab assignments would also be beneficial.
Prospective students should be aware that this course uses linear algebra and
programming, and students should have knowledge of these topics to succeed.
EN.550.662.01
Optimization Algorithms
Daniel Robinson
20
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Overall quality of this course: 4.0
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the interactive learning through student
presentations. Students felt that while the student presentations were sometimes
effective, it would be more beneficial to have fewer presentations and have the
professor lecture more. Suggestions for improvement include having student
presentations that were better prepared and involved some group work, and having the
professor lecture more on the subject matter. Prospective students should know that
this class assumes basic knowledge of optimization theory and should have some basic
calculus, linear algebra, and programming experience.
EN.550.692.01
Matrix Analysis and Linear Algebra
Youngmi Hur
Overall quality of this course: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the interesting and useful subject material, and
the clear and well-organized structure of the course. Students felt that that the
coverage of some topics was rushed and not in-depth enough. Suggestions for
improvement include organizing lectures more effectively, and spending more time on
important material; glazing over many topics was not helpful to students. Prospective
students should be aware that solid knowledge of other math courses, especially linear
algebra, is required for this course.
EN.550.695.01
Advanced Parameterization in Science and Engineering
Gregory Eyink
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.730.01
Topics in Statistics
Minh Tang
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
21
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.747.01
Topics in Financial Math
David Audley
Overall quality of this course: 3.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this class include the connection between the subject matter and
the real labor market and financial world, and the interesting discussions by guest
speakers from varying financial institutions. Students felt that there was a lack of
consistency and instruction, and that the class time was too early. Suggestions for
improvement include lecturing more, inviting more guest speakers, and assigning
discussion topics before class. Prospective students should know that this seminar is
enjoyable if he/she is interested in the finance market.
EN.550.791.01
Neural Networks and Feedback Control Systems
James Spall
Overall quality of this course: 4
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the small class size that allowed for better
discussion, and the good selection of papers assigned to read. Students felt that there
was a lack of examinations. Suggestions for improvement include adding one or two
exams during the semester, and having a discussion at the end of each class about the
current status of the topic at the present moment. Prospective students should be
aware that this course requires a genuine interest in the topic, as the class discussion is
very interactive between the instructor and students.
EN.550.810.01
Probability and Statistics
Carey Priebe
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
22
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
ART WORKSHOPS
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.371.131.01-02
Studio Drawing I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of this course: 4.85
The best aspects of the course included an instructor who was encouraging, enthusiastic and gave
constructive feedback on all the assignments. The instructor incorporated some art history into the
classes, which was very interesting. Some students felt that there were not enough spots in the sections
and had a difficult time getting into the course. Some students did not like the large block of time the
class was scheduled for, making it difficult to fit into their schedules. Suggestions for improving the
course included taking an in-depth look at certain drawing techniques, and having more classes in
smaller blocks of time throughout the week. Future students should be aware that prior art experience
is not necessary to excel in the course.
AS.371.133.01
Painting Workshop I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of this course: 4.78
The best aspects of the course included a professor who was encouraging and chose interesting subject
material. Some students did not like how painting skills were not taught during the class, and the
inability to track their grade during the course was frustrating. Suggestions for improving the course
included offering more courses like it. Future students should be aware that the class requires a large
time commitment.
AS.371.134.01
Painting Workshop II
Barbara Gruber
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
23
ART WORKSHOPS
The best aspects of the course included an instructor who gave individual attention and critiques. The
painting studio was available to students outside of class, which gave them the freedom to go whenever
they wanted. Some students felt that there was not enough time in class and it often went over the
allotted time. Suggestions for improving the course included meeting more often during the course of
the week and improving communication of deadlines to students. Future students should be aware that
there is a lot of work required outside of class, and that they should have some background in painting.
AS.371.149.01
Visual Reality
D.S. Bakker
Overall quality of this course: 4.62
The best aspects of this course included the ability to collaborate with other students on projects.
Students were also able to see each others' work and give feedback, which was good for developing new
ideas. Some students felt that the movies were too long. Others felt that the course description was not
an accurate description of the class. Suggestions to improve the class included trimming the length of
the movies and having more material provided to them during the class for their projects. Future
students should be aware that they are expected to be proficient in several mediums and be open-
minded about their projects.
AS.371.151.01
Photoshop/Dig Darkroom
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of this course: 4.57
The best aspects of the course included the ability for students to be creative. The instructor's in depth
knowledge of photography and Photoshop made the course more interesting and useful. Students felt
that the three hour class was too long. Others felt that class time was not used very effectively.
Suggestions for improving the course included having less lecture time and having a clearer lesson plan.
Future students should be aware that the course costs a little extra money and that it will challenge
them in a creative way.
AS.371.152.01
Introduction to Digital Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of this course: 4.10
The best aspects of the course included the opportunity for students to learn a wide variety of
photography techniques and use good cameras. Some students felt that class time was not used
effectively and the instructor was not helpful when they were learning how to use Photoshop or their
cameras. Suggestions for improving the course included having more help from the instructor on the
basics of using the camera, printing and Photoshop. Future students should be aware that they will have
to learn a lot of techniques on their own and they will have to spend a lot of time outside of class time
working on assignments.
24
ART WORKSHOPS
AS.371.155.01
Introduction to Sculpture
Larcia Premo
Overall quality of this course: 4.09
The best aspects of the course included a chance to experiment with many different materials and to
think creatively. Some students felt that the instructor was not helpful at all in learning how to use the
tools and that there was not enough direction given in the course. Suggestions for improving the course
included having more direction in the course and a more defined curriculum. Future students should be
aware that the course requires that students spend time on projects outside of class.
AS.371.162.01-02
Black & White: Digital Darkroom
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of this course: 4.57
The best aspects of the course included learning how to use a digital camera and the freedom for
students to work on their own projects. Some students felt that the instructor was too subjective when
grading assignments. Students felt that the computers in the classroom did not have the correct
software. Suggestions for improving the course included having more details on assignments before
they were due, and to have more lab days to work on the computers. Future students should be aware
that they need to put in a lot of effort outside of class time to earn a good grade.
AS.371.303.01
Documentary Photography
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
The best aspects of the course included good feedback from the instructor regarding their projects. The
course was very effective in teaching students how to use their cameras. Students felt that there was
not enough time to complete their projects. Suggestions for improving the course included allotting
more time to complete the final project and having fixed deadlines for the project. Future students
should be aware that this class has requires a large time commitment in addition to class time.
25
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
BEHAVIORAL BIOLOGY
The write-in student response to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.290.420.01
Human Sexual Orientation
Chris Kraft
Overall quality of this course: 4.42
Summary:
The strongest aspects of this class were the professor, who presented information in an
unbiased and scientific manner, and the documentaries and case studies. This class challenges
students to look at the world from the perspective of different genders and sexualities in a
unique way. The weak aspects of the class were that the material was sometimes overly
graphic, the grading policies were not always clear. Suggestions for improving the course
included adding guest lecturers to the curriculum, and structuring the in-class discussions more.
Future students should know that this course covers some controversial topics related to
sexuality, and discussions and material are often graphic. This class is graded fairly and requires
a fair amount of work (2 exams and 3 papers).
AS.290.490.01
Senior Seminar: Behavioral Biology
Peter Holland
Overall quality of this course: 4.62
Summary:
The strongest aspects of this course included the discussion-based structure, the positive and
engaging environment, and the interesting professor. Students found this class a great way to
get to know and to work with other students in their major. The weak aspects of the course
26
BEHAVIORAL BIOLOGY
were that the student-led discussions could get boring, and some of the topics were not
interesting to the students. Suggestions for improving the course included scheduling the class
for later in the day; students felt they would be more able to participate well in a discussion if
the class was not so early. Future students should know that you have to be a senior Behavioral
Biology major to take this course, and the workload is extremely light.
27
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
BIOLOGY
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.020.104.01
Freshman Seminar: From Genes to DNA and Back
E. Moudrianakis
Overall quality of this course: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is that it is a small class with engaging discussions. The professor
was enthusiastic and encouraged his students to participate in class discussions and think
outside of the box. Most students found the class very interesting and stimulating, but some
felt that the discussion topics were too repetitive each week. Students wished the professor
would lead the class more or bring in outside speakers. There is a constant work load and often
the class ran late. Prospective students should know that their grade is based on class
participation and leading a class discussion and there are no grades given until the end of the
semester.
AS.020.106.01
Freshman Seminar: Tuberculosis
Robert Horner
Overall quality of this course: 4.08
Summary:
One of the best aspects of this course was that it was a small, interactive class. Due to the small
size, students felt that they could really participate and interact with their professor. Some
students felt that material was slightly repetitive and wished that the class meet for more times
a week for shorter class periods. Prospective students should have a basic biology background.
28
BIOLOGY
Students felt that this course was great practice for writing a research paper and reading
medical articles.
AS.020.111.01
Freshman Seminar: The `Nobels' in Medicine and Chemistry
Ludwig Brand
Overall quality of this course: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that students practiced their oral presentation skills by
designing their own projects and presenting them to the course. The professor was very
passionate and willing to help, but the class was mostly student-led. Many students felt that the
class discussions were not very lively and wished for more participation from their peers.
Additionally, the worst aspect of the class is that the presentations became repetitive. Future
students should know that there is a light workload for this class.
AS.020.135.01
Project Lab: Phage Hunting
Joel Schildbach, Emily Fisher
Overall quality of this course: 4.92
Summary:
Students highly recommended this course. The best aspect was that this course offered hands
on research experience for freshman, especially to learn lab techniques. Students also felt that
the lab was a relaxed environment and were able to work at their own pace. Prospective
students should know that, although the workload is not very difficult, it is very labor intensive
and they must be able to put the time in. Students wished the lab meetings were split up and
didn't last so long on Friday afternoons. The worst aspect of this course was that the procedural
explanations were not thorough enough.
AS.020.151.01-02
General Biology I
Richard McCarty, Rebecca Pearlman, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of this course: 3.93
The best aspects of this course included the lectures and Power Points that followed the
textbook closely, the resources to study for the exam, and the fact that the exams were graded
quickly. The instructors enjoy teaching and the material is interesting. Students felt that
McCarty's lectures were hard to follow and Shingles was hard to understand, and that it was
hard to have multiple instructors with different teaching styles. They felt that the large class
size made the room very loud, a lot of material was covered at once and that the CPS questions
29
BIOLOGY
were unnecessary. Suggestions for improvement included not having McCarty teach, breaking
the class into two sections, getting rid of the biome assignments and the CPS questions and
having better test preparation. Prospective students should know that the course involves a lot
of memorization but the course material is not difficult if you study, and the grading system is
fair.
AS.020.153.01-05
General Biology Lab I
Rebecca Pearlman
Overall quality of the class: 4.02
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interactive, hands-on nature of the course. The small class size made this
a good, practical learning experience and the lab procedures were clear and concise which
made execution very easy. Some students found the grading strict, arbitrary and inconsistent.
Many also stated the flowcharts were not useful. Students said the class could be improved
through more effective labs ­ some found them too easy, uninteresting, and not challenging.
Future students should know many of the computer programs that were used were not
compatible with MAC. Many students said the workload was manageable.
AS.020.161.01.FA11
Biology Workshop I
Rebecca Pearlman
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The student enjoyed listening to the variety of knowledgeable and interesting guest speakers;
however, they said that some of the material is too complex for an introductory level course so
a lot of speakers lecture too quickly. Students said it would be helpful if the slides were online
or if in-class worksheets were handed out. They would also like to have more discussion-based
classes on the lectures. Future students should know that a background in biology is important
since some of the guest lecturers discuss in-depth biology topics.
AS.020.305.01
Biochemistry
Emily Fisher, R Blake Hill, Vincent Hilser, Kathryn Tifft
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
The students found that most of the professors taught with clarity and were easy to
understand. They described them as engaging, interesting, enthusiastic, helpful, and
30
BIOLOGY
approachable. Students especially liked the teaching style of Professor Fisher. They found
her teaching style inspiring, passionate, and very effective. Students found the grading
system very fair (students are able to drop their lowest test grade) and said that the review
sessions, recitation, podcasts and office hours were all great resources; however, students
made the following comments about the exams: there is a lot of material covered them,
they are very difficult, and did not really test their knowledge but rather tested random
facts. Students also said the pace of class is fast. Students also said that Dr. Brand was not
as an effective instructor as the others. Students would like to see this course broken into 2
semesters.
AS.020.307.01
Enzymes, Metabolism and Metabolic Disorders
Young-Sam Lee
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
The students found the individual projects and student presentations helpful. They found
the material interesting and liked that they were able to pursue personal topics of interest;
however, the students said that assignment expectations were not clear and grading was
arbitrary. They also said the professor was sometimes hard to understand. Students would
like to have more feedback from the professor, clearer description of expectations, and
better preparation for exams. Future students should be ready to attend and participate in
class and should have a background in experimental science and biochemistry/cell biology.
AS.020.315.01-10
Biochemistry Lab
Robert Horner
Overall quality of this course: 3.68
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is that students learned very practical and applicable lab methods
that correlated with what was being taught in Biochemistry lecture. The worst aspect of this
course is that the equipment was old and outdated. Future students should know that this
course has a heavy workload and a strict grading system. Some students felt they needed more
practice and wanted more preparation for the finals and quizzes.
AS.020.330.01
Genetics
Kyle Cunningham, Myles Hoyt
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
31
BIOLOGY
Summary:
Students enjoyed Dr. Cunningham's teaching style. They said he was a dynamic lecturer who
was genuinely interested in his students. Students also found Dr. Hoyt knowledgeable,
organized, and well prepared; however, they said that lectures were sometimes confusing, the
home works were incredibly hard and time consuming, the grading of the homework was tough
and inconsistent, and the tests were too long for the allotted time. Students would like to see a
greater correlation between lecture, homework, and exams, along with Podcasts throughout
the course. Future students should know that the workload is high and that they should also do
the ungraded homework. It is helpful for tests.
AS.020.333.01
Adaptations Of Plants to their Environments
Eric Johnson
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
Students enjoyed the topic - they found it interesting and unique. Students also said the
professor was very good at explaining complex biochemical processes, very engaging, and easy
to understand. They found the YouTube videos very helpful in learning about plant adaptations.
The worst aspect of the course however was the grading. Students found the grading harsh and
ambiguous. Also students said a textbook, power points for writing notes, and lecture podcasts
would have been helpful. Future students should know it is important to attend all lectures
since there are no power point slides or podcasts of the lectures.
AS.020.334.01
Planets, Life and the Universe
Jocelyne Diruggiero, Naomi Levin, Colin Norman
Overall quality of the class: 3.3
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fascinating lectures on the wide variety of different topics presented by
the guest speakers; however, students found the home works extremely difficult since they
were designed for astrophysics majors and do not reflect what was taught during lectures.
Students also found the course very poorly organized. To improve the course, students
suggested providing an incentive for class attendance (i.e., graded quizzes after each class,
points for mandatory class attendance). Future students should know that the home works are
the main portion of the grade and that the class is geared toward astrophysics majors and not
biology majors. A strong background in physics is important.
AS.020.340.01-07
Genetics Lab
Carolyn Norris
32
BIOLOGY
Overall quality of this course: 4.02
Summary:
The practical approach to the labs made this course very stimulating, and the material related
directly to the topics discussed in the Genetics lecture. The professor is very personable and
genuinely wants students to understand the purpose of the experiments. The worst aspect of
this course is that students are expected to visit the lab on non-meeting days, including
weekends, which can be inconvenient. Having the professor make the materials available
sooner to the students would be an improvement to this course. Prospective students are
encouraged to take the Genetics lecture course as a co-requisite and should understand that
you will be required to meet outside of the scheduled lab times.
AS.020.379.01
Evolution
Carolyn Norris
Overall quality of this course: 4.07
Summary:
The professor for this course is very enthusiastic and provides current and up to date material
that makes the lectures interesting and fun. Although this course is lecture based, there is quite
a lot of student discussion. The worst aspect of this course was that the homework
assignments were consistently posted late. The lectures also tended to be disorganized. A
newer text book and posting assignments sooner would improve this course. Students thinking
of taking this course should have a strong interest in evolution and be prepared for a good
amount of text book reading.
AS.020.380.01
Eukaryotic Molecular Biology
Karen Beemon, E. Moudrianakis, David Zappulla
Overall quality of this course: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is the knowledgeable and passionate professor. There is a small
class size and the lectures are enjoyable and engaging. The worst aspect of this course is that
the grading and class expectations were unclear. Students would have preferred more feedback
on their work and recommend giving more practice assignments. Prospective students should
know that this class is very relevant for future research, but it requires a strong biology
background and a lot of reading.
AS.020.420.01
Build-a-Genome
33
BIOLOGY
Joel Bader, Jef Boeke, Marc Ostermeier, Karen Zeller
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
Summary:
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
AS.020.441.01
Mentoring in Biology
Rebecca Pearlman, Richard Shingles
Overall Quality of this course: 4.56
The strongest aspects of this course were that students were able to help other students and
review key concepts. However, students did not like the awkward meeting times and lack of
students attending mentoring sessions. The course could be improved by encouraging more
students to attend the mentoring sessions. Students taking this course in the future should
know that it is a relaxed course and patience is important during mentoring sessions.
AS.020.640.01
Epigenetics & Chromosome Dynamics
Barbara Migeon, E Moudrianakis
Overall quality of this course: 3.71
The strongest aspects of this course include the in-class discussions and its intellectual
challenge. Course material was cutting-edge and instructor feedback was useful. Some weaker
aspects of the course include the large amount of information covered and lack of participation
in discussions. The class could be improved by including more guest lectures. Students taking
this course should be prepared to participate and contribute to discussions.
34
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.580.111.01-28
BME Modeling & Design
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of this course: 3.85
Summary:
The students liked the introductory nature of this class. The group work
and team building skills allowed for the collaboration and sharing of
creative ideas. It also gave the students an opportunity to network with
other BME classmates. Students liked the hands-on nature of the class
and the exposure to the design, modeling, and testing process. The
worst part of the class is that some students found the lectures boring
and said more guidance and direction was needed with the labs,
models and projects. Some students found the course disorganized,
lacking structure, ambiguous, and stressful. To improve the course,
students suggested an introductory session to familiarize students with
the equipment, and more communication and feedback between the
instructors, TA's, lab managers, and the students. Future students
should know that a prior knowledge of basic chemistry, physics,
biology, statistics, and calculus is helpful along with a strong familiarity
with EXCEL and MATLAB. Also, the course requires time outside of class
to work on team project and lab reports.
EN.580.211.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
35
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of this course: 3.4
Summary:
The students liked the team work aspect of the course and the real-life applicability of
designing a device for a medical need; however, some students found the course to be
disorganized. To improve the course, students suggested improving the rubrics to make
grading fairer, as well better guidance on what is expected and when. Future students
should know that the course takes a lot of time and that you get out what you put into
it.
EN.580.221.01-04
Molecules & Cells
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of this course: 3.75
Summary:
The students found the course very helpful and interesting since the material had real-
life application. They liked the fact that the class resources (i.e., lectures, power points,
handouts) are all available online. Students also liked the effective and inspiring guest
lecturers; however, some students found the course disorganized, lacking in feedback
on graded homework, and fast paced. To improve the class, students suggested that the
professor provide more comments and feedback on the graded homework and that
there be more correlation between the lectures, homework, textbook, and exams.
Students would also like to have practice exams. Future students should have
knowledge of general biology or AP Biology, and chemistry. Many students said that the
textbook is not necessary since it is not used.
EN.580.311.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is that students are allowed to channel their creativity by
developing their own unique design. The worst aspect of this course is that the lectures were
unorganized and therefore unhelpful. Students also felt that the professor was unhelpful and
did not provide enough feedback. Students wished for more consistent judging on their
projects and a more organized course. Future students should be ready to work in a group and
know that this course is a big time commitment.
EN.580.321.01-04
36
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Statistical Mechanical and Thermodynamics
Michael Beer
Overall quality of this course: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is that there is an excellent, knowledgeable professor. There are
clear expectations of what is expected for this course and weekly quizzes help the students
keep up with the material. The worst aspect of this course is the difficult subject matter and the
difficult exams. There are a limited number of practice problems and material, so students
wished there was more homework help and test preparation. Future students should know that
this class is a big time commitment and one must be familiar with advanced math.
EN.580.411.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of this course: 3.62
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the opportunity for hands-on design experience, the
team aspect of the project, the constructive feedback from the professors, and the intellectual
challenge of the course. Students felt that the course was somewhat disorganized and they
were not given much direction regarding assignment requirements. They also felt that grading
expectations were unclear, and it was difficult to contact the instructors or TA for assistance.
Suggestions for improvement include providing clearer guidelines for presentations and grading
and allowing inter-disciplinary team work by including other types of engineers. Prospective
students should know that the work load for this course is high and there is a large time
commitment, but it is a great experience. Some CAD modeling experience and organizational
skills are beneficial.
EN.580.413.01
Design-Team, Team Leader
Robert Allen
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the leadership and team experience, the personal
interactions with professors and sponsors, and the experience of independently developing
devices with potential for accomplishment. Students felt that sometimes there was a lack of
guidance, lectures were irrelevant, ineffective and poorly planned, and time was too restrictive
to produce results. Suggestions for improvement include tailoring lectures to better suit the
students' needs, and more technical guidance from professionals or professors in the
37
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
appropriate fields. Prospective students should know that while this course is a lot of work, it is
a rewarding learning experience.
EN.580.415.01-02
Ethics of Biomedical Engineering Innovation
Elizabeth Logsdon, Eric Rice, Feilim Mac Gabhann, Youseph Yazdi
Overall quality of this course: 3.19
Summary:
The best aspects of this course are the interesting in-class discussions, challenging but engaging
topics, and the guest speakers and professors. Students felt that the workload was excessive
and inconsistent, not enough ethical theory was discussed, and the grading was inconsistent
and subjective among different professors. Suggestions for improvement include focusing the
course more on ethical case studies, assigning fewer but more thought-provoking and
applicable assignments, and having better organization and coordination of assignments and
grading among professors. Prospective students should be prepared to think about current
issues from different perspectives, and should be prepared to manage the workload.
EN.580.421.01-04
Systems Bioengineering 1
Natalia Trayanova
Overall quality of this course: 4.02
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the hands-on experience and the interesting, diverse
specialists who are experts in their prospective fields. Students felt that the homework was too
long and difficult, and that the constantly changing professors created a sense of discontinuity
and their teaching effectiveness was inconsistent. Suggestions for improvement include
assigning homework that is more relevant, coordinating the professors and their assignments
better, and having more engaging lectures. Prospective students should have some background
knowledge in biology and should be prepared to attend lectures, keep up with the demanding
workload, and study hard for the midterms.
EN.580.423.01-04
Systems Bioengineering Lab 1
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of this course: 3.98
Summary:
Best aspects of the course are the hands on, practical aspect of the labs and their
reinforcement of concepts taught in SBE lectures. Students felt that some of the labs were
38
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
time-consuming and ineffective, such as the computer modeling assignment. They also felt the
exam grading was unfair. Suggestions for improvement include spending more time on the lab
concepts so that students better understand it, and removing the computer modeling lab.
Prospective students should know that this lab applies the material learned in SBE 1, it is time
consuming but has a lot of hands-on experience, and it is beneficial to read all pre-lab materials
and attend section before doing the labs.
EN.580.429.01-04
Systems Bioengineering III
Joel Bader
Overall quality of this course: 4.24
Summary:
The professor for this course was very knowledge about the material and presented the
content in an understandable manner. The textbook and homework assignments helped
reinforce the material. The number of lectures that the professor missed in the second half of
the semester adversely affected the course. There was a noticeable lag time in grading of
homework and quizzes. It would be an improvement to this course if two professors co-taught,
eliminating the missed or TA taught lectures. It would also be helpful if the homework and
quizzes were returning in timely manner. Prospective students should be aware that this is a
very math-oriented course.
EN.580.439.01
Models of the Neuron
Eric Young
Overall quality of the class: 4.5
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.580.441.01
Cellular Engineering
Kevin Yarema, Jordan Green
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The lectures for this course were very interesting, fun and relevant to current research and
medicine. The worse aspect of this course was the heavy work load involving quite a lot of
programming. More connection between the course work and homework material would
improve this course as well more concise reviews prior to exams. Prospective students should
have a good amount of MATLAB experience and be prepared for a lot of work and presented
material.
39
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
AS.580.451.01-02
Cell & Tissue Eng Lab
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Students said the best aspect of this course was the opportunity to perform experiments on
cutting-edge topics in bioengineering. The course provided hands-on exposure to the necessary
elements of cell culturing and cell/tissue engineering experimental design, techniques, and
equipment. The worst aspect of the course is that there was confusion and lack of instruction
with the lab work. Also there were many technical and mechanical issues with the lab
equipment. To improve the course, students suggested adding another microscope with
imaging capabilities, as well as fixing the broken equipment. Future students should know it is
helpful to have already taken Biomaterials I and II. Students report that the lab reports are long
so it is important to start them early.
AS.580.471.01-02
Princ BME Instrumentation
Nitish Thakor
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
Students said the best aspect of this course was the hands on experience of designing
functional biomedical instrumentation. The projects allow for flexibility and freedom. The worst
aspect of the course is that it was poorly organized and there is not enough time to complete a
lot of projects. Also the deadlines and guidelines were not always clear. To improve the course,
students suggested clearly stating expectations, handing back assignments on a timely basis,
and sticking to a clear and concise syllabus. Future student should know this course is poorly set
up and has a heavy project workload. It is important to have a theoretical and practical
understanding of circuits.
AS.580.472.01
Topics - Med Imaging Sys
Jerry Prince
Overall quality of the class: 4.5
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.580.495.01-05
Microfabrication Lab
Andreas Andreou, Jeff Wang
40
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.580.01
Senior Design Project
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspect of the course is the freedom and independence to creatively design and
develop your own project. The worst aspect of the course is that the required lectures are not
relevant to the project. It was also hard to communicate with professor to get feedback on
project development. To improve the course, student suggested eliminating the required
lectures and instead holding hands-on workshops throughout the semester. Also, students
wanted clearer guidelines and more support. Future students should know that you are on your
own most of the time.
EN.580.602.01
Special Topics in Bioengineering Innovation and Design
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.605.01
Business of Bioengineering Innovation and Design
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is the professor. He was a captivating and engaging teacher who
is able to explain complex concepts very effectively. The information that is covered is very
practical and useful. The worst aspect of this course is that the spreadsheets need more
explanation. To improve the course, students suggested more assignments directly related to
the lecture and more detailed information on filling out spreadsheets. Future students should
know that this is a useful class.
EN.580.611.01
Biomedical Device Design and Innovation
Soumyadipta Acharya
41
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.3
Summary:
The best aspects of this course are the guest speakers who give their expert feedback. The
worst aspect is that the course is not well-structured. There needs to be 1 set of expectations
written on a structured syllabus. There is also no formal instruction for the course. To improve
the course, students said there should be more organization and communication. Future
students should know that this is a challenging course and that students should be flexible and
self-motivated.
EN.580.616.01
Introduction to Linear Dynamical Systems
Sridevi Sarma
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspect of the course is that it is well-designed, interesting, and useful. The professor
was able to clearly and concise communication the material on a detailed and intuitive level.
The worst aspect of the course is that there was too much material to learn so lectures felt
rushed. To improve the class, students suggested a slower pace or covering less material. Also
students wanted a review of mathematical proofs and clearer definitions. Future students
should be familiar with linear algebra, advanced matrix theory, and control systems.
EN.580.619.01
Bioengineering Innovation and Design - Global Health
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspect of the course is the challenge of the project and learning to work on global
health problems. There is the possibility that the devices that are developed will positively
impact people. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of structure, organization, and
feedback. Student wanted more organization and communication with the instructor. Also it
would be helpful to have adherence to the schedule especially for the student-professor
meetings ­ they were often cancelled. Students should know that this course is hard work but it
is rewarding. The lack of communication, planning, and relationships with the advisors was
disappointing.
EN.580.621.01
Insight Informed Innovation
Brandon Craft, Paul Fearis
42
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the practical, real world applicability to the material we
learned. The information is relevant and the course is structured do students know what and
when to expect. The instructors provided timely and helpful feedback. Some students said
there were no bad aspects to the course while a few said that slides need to be posted to
blackboard consistently and the examples are not solely oriented to the medical device
industry. To improve the class, students suggested coordinating the lecture content with
project development. Future students should know that this is a great course and students
recommend taking it.
EN.580.625.01
Structure and Function of the Auditory and Vestibulary Systems
Bradford May
Overall quality of the class: 4.6
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.634.01
Bioelectricity
Leslie Tung
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.639.01
Models of the Neuron
Eric Young
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is that the lectures are well-structured and clear. The home
works and assignments were challenging, relevant, and graded quickly. The worst aspect of the
course was that the homework was sometimes unclear and complicated. Also the class is time
consuming. To improve the course, students suggested more straight-forward homework and
having lecture slides before class. Future students should have knowledge of MATLAB and have
a strong background in mathematics and physics. Home works and exams are difficult but
grading tends to be fair.
43
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.641.01
Cellular Engineering
Jordan Green, Kevin Yarema
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This course had 5 or fewer comments
EN.580.690.01
Systems Biology of Cell Regulation
Andre Levchenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.771.01
Prin-BME Instrum
Nitish Thakor
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of the course are the interesting hands-on projects which give a realistic view
of the theory studied in various courses. The worst aspects of the course are the lectures. The
professor did not fully explain the theoretical aspects and some of the assignments were not
thoroughly explained at first. To improve the course, students suggested better organization
and communication regarding the scheduling of assignments and graduate term paper. Future
students should have some circuit background knowledge. Also the course can be very time
consuming.
44
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
BIOPHYSICS
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.250.131.01
Topics in Biophysics Research
Karen Fleming
Overall quality of this course: 4.21
The best aspects of this course include a great introduction to biophysics in a stress free
environment. The workload was not heavy and the lectures were interesting. At times,
the lectures did not go in-depth so that more material could be touched on. Having a
better syllabus, and taking class material and relating it to current research or real life
applications could improve the class. Future students should know that it is a great class
for those considering biophysics as a major.
AS.250.345.01
Cellular/Molecular Physics
Richard Cone
Overall quality of the course: 4.55
The highlights of this course include a captivating professor, and the opportunity to
apply topics covered in class to real-world experiences. Homework wasn't returned so
feedback was often hard to come by, and it was difficult to study for tests. Posting
lecture notes before class more often would make it easier to follow along and learn.
Future students should know that the class is fascinating and will engage them during
every lecture. However, they should also know it is difficult to know where they stand in
the class because grading is based on a curve at the end of the semester.
45
BIOPHYSICS
AS.250.351.01
Reproductive Physiology
Barry Zirkin, Richard Cone
Overall quality of this course: 4.51
The best aspects of this course are fascinating lectures as well as the intellectual
challenge and depth of the material covered. The lectures felt long at times and since it
only met once a week, it was difficult to carry over a common theme from week to
week. Splitting the lecture up to meet twice a week would improve the class. TA
sessions or asking students questions to engage them during the length of the lecture
would also be helpful. Future students should know that it is a great class and attending
lecture is necessary. This class will also take them out of their comfort zone and address
topics they haven't previously touched on in an academic setting.
AS.250.353.01
Computational Biology
Patrick Fleming
Overall quality of this course: 4.6
The best aspects of this course are informative lectures, engaging hands-on labs, and
the application of useful skills learned. At times, the homework or labs were tedious and
weren't explained very well. Highlighting the most important information attained from
labs, and going into those sections into more detail would improve the class. Overall,
students should know that it is a great class, but a background in programming would be
helpful prior to taking the class.
AS.250.381.01
Spectroscopy and Its Application in Biophysical Reactions
Juliette Lecomte
Overall quality of this course: 4.23
The best aspects of this course were well-organized notes and lectures, as well as
challenging and educational problem sets. Some students felt that at times there were
homework problems that seemed irrelevant to course material or did not prepare them
for exams. Also, many felt the class was rushed in order to cover a lot of material.
Having more clearly worded homework problems or review sessions throughout the
semester would improve the course. Future students should know that the class is
challenging, and a solid background in physics would help them.
AS.250.383.01
46
BIOPHYSICS
Molecular Interactions Laboratory
Karen Fleming
Overall quality of this course: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.250.391.01
Proteins and Nucleic Acids
Gregory Bowman
Overall quality of this course: 4.35
The best aspects of this course were discussion based learning from journal articles and
becoming familiar with python/pymol. At times, the course load was unbalanced
because of the magnitude of readings required for class on top of other assignments. A
more organized approach to the material would improve the class. Future students
should know that there is quite a bit of programming and reading involved in this class,
and a background in biochemistry would be very helpful.
AS.250.685.01
Proteins & Nucleic Acids
Gregory Bowman
Overall quality of this course: 4.19
The best aspects of this course were learning directly from journal research articles
instead of a textbook. The course teaches students to think critically to understand and
evaluate experiments and methods. Students also felt it was useful to learn python
programming and Pymol. The worst aspect of the course was that papers and
assignments were sometimes uploaded right before they were due. Also the instructor's
lectures were sometimes unorganized and hard to follow. To improve the course,
students suggested having clearer lectures and more feedback on homework
assignments. Students also suggested more instruction on Python and Pymol. Future
students should know that it is helpful to have a biological and biochemistry
background. Also there is a significant amount of computer programming at the
beginning of the class.
47
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION
ARABIC
The write-in student response to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?""What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.375.115.01-03
First Year Arabic
Khalil Tahrawi
Overall quality of this course: 4.0
The best aspect of this course was the experience of learning a new language. Students said it
was interesting and different. They said the course has great professors who are patient and
that the class moves at the perfect pace. The worst aspect of the course was the difficulty of
the language. The course is challenging due to the course load and content. Also class time is
not used efficiently for learning. Students said to improve the class it should include a better
textbook, as well as more homework, practice, and feedback. They also said it could be more
organized.
Future students should know that this is a difficult class with a lot of independent work and
memorization. Future students should be dedicated to learning the language and must stay on
top of the vocabulary.
AS.375.215.01-02
Second Year Arabic
Fadel Abdallah
Overall quality of this course: 3.76
48
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: ARABIC
The best aspect of this course is a very knowledgeable and enthusiastic professor who gives
great insights on Arabic culture and dialects. Students enjoyed the small class size. The worst
aspect of this course is that it moves too slowly, which wastes class time. There is a heavy
workload which takes away class time for speaking. The class time should be spent teaching
more Arabic concepts and learning the skills necessary to succeed in the class. Students said
that more practice and conversation would improve this class. Also, they said there is a need
for a better textbook. Future students should know that this is a great class with interesting
topics and a lot of homework.
AS.375.301.01
Third Year Arabic
Khalil Tahrawi
Overall quality of this course: 3.59
The best aspects of this course include a great teacher and beneficial class work. Students say
that the teacher's passion and kindness really helped them get through this class. The worst
aspects of this course are the class size and disorganized textbook. Students say a new textbook
and a stronger syllabus to adhere to would improve this class. Future students are
recommended to work hard and keep up with the material.
49
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION
CHINESE
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.373.111.01-02
First Year Heritage Chinese
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of this course: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include an informative and passionate instructor dedicated to
the students' development, the small class size, and the level of enjoyment the students
derived from the class experience. Some students would have preferred more quizzes on fewer
topics in order to learn them better. Suggestions for improvement include a slightly more
varied lesson plan with more interactive exercises rather than just learning straight from the
text book every class. Some students wanted more emphasis on writing and grammar skills.
Prospective students should be prepared to practice their vocabulary words often as there is a
lot of material covered in the class. However, it is an enjoyable class and highly recommended.
AS.373.115.01-04
First Year Chinese
Lu Li, Ye Han
Overall quality of this course: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the openness to students with no background in the
language, the kind and helpful instructors, and the engagement with the language every day.
Some students felt that the class was difficult and high paced. Suggestions for improvement
include giving slightly more time to practice writing the characters. Prospective students should
50
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: CHINESE
be prepared for a relatively difficult grading system, many quizzes, and a fast paced, detailed
introduction to the Chinese language
AS.373.211.01-02
Second Year Heritage Chinese
Aiguo Chen
Overall quality of this course: 3.72
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included its interactive nature, ample grading opportunities
including quizzes and extra credit assignments, and a kind and approachable instructor that
fostered a relaxed learning environment. Some students felt that the instructor did not explain
the lessons well, that the workload was incredibly dense, and that the weekly quizzes did not
correlate to the material learned. Suggestions for improvement include a more organized
syllabus and extra focus on the students understanding the material with a slightly slower pace
throughout lessons. Prospective students should be prepared to learn the material through a
lot of practice. They should know that the grading system is fair but difficult.
AS.373.215.01-03
Second Year Chinese
Aiguo Chen; Ye Han
Overall quality of this course: 4.41
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size, the in-class discussions which
helped foster better speaking skills; students enjoyed the wide range of subject matter. Some
students felt that there wasn't a good connection between the two instructors and that their
overall effectiveness suffered from it. Suggestions for improvement include more individual
attention towards students and more variety in assignments. Prospective students should be
prepared for a dense workload and should have a decent background in Chinese before taking
the class.
AS.373.313.01
Third Year Heritage Chinese
Aiguo Chen
Overall quality of this course: 4.6
Summary:
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
51
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: CHINESE
AS.373.315.01
Third Year Chinese
Liman Lievans
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an engaging, passionate, and informative instructor,
helpful lectures, and personal attention from the instructor. Some students felt that the tests
were difficult to study for and that the class moved at a very fast pace. Suggestions for
improvement included a clearer syllabus and lessons more focused on preparing for the tests.
Prospective students should be aware that the class involves a large time commitment and
requires a solid background in Chinese.
AS.373.415.01
Fourth Year Chinese
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of this course: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the individual attention from the instructor, a small
class size that allowed for helpful in-class discussion, and the extra material provided outside of
class. Some students felt that the students all had varying levels of fluency in Chinese which
made in-class discussion more challenging. Suggestions for improvement included giving
students more time to practice speaking and providing a slightly more organized syllabus.
Prospective students should be aware of the variation in the speaking skills of other students.
They should also be prepared for a decent amount of work. The class will greatly enhance
Chinese skills.
52
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION
HEBREW
The write-in student response to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?""What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.384.215.01
Second Year Hebrew
Zvi Cohen
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
This review has 5 or fewer comments.
53
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION
HINDI
The write-in student response to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?""What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.381.101.01-02
Beginning Hindi 1
Uma Saini
Overall quality of this course: 4.76
The best aspects of this course are the intimate class size and great professor. The worst
aspects of this course are the unorganized assignments and the amount of scheduled
class time. Since there is limited class time, students do not get to practice in class as
much as they would prefer. Students say that more structured class time and a clearer
syllabus would improve this class. Future students should do all home works and
assignments even if they are not collected.
54
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION
JAPANESE
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.378.115.01-03
First Year Japanese
Makiko Nakao, Mayumi Johnson
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Students found this class interesting, interactive, and well-structured. They said that the
professors were effective, clear, and cheerful. Some students found the pace of the course very
fast and said that the homework and quizzes were on the heavy side. Most students did not see
any need for improvements other than possibly exploring the Japanese culture while studying
the language. Future students should know that this class takes up a lot of time and is fast-
paced; therefore, it is very important to keep up with the workload and practice every day.
AS.378.215.01-02
Second Year Japanese
Mayumi Johnson, Satoko Katagiri
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Students enjoyed the ample opportunities of oral practice which actually improved their
speaking ability; however, some felt the workload and memorization was overwhelming.
Ways to improve the class would be to engage more students and make the speaking classes
more dynamic. Future students should now it is important to have a previous background in
Japanese and that the course requires a large time commitment.
55
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: JAPANESE
AS.378.315.01
Third Year Japanese
Satoko Katagiri
Overall quality of the class: 3.58
Students found the course well-structured and the professor a knowledgeable instructor;
however, they said that she showed favoritism to certain students and was not as available and
approachable as they would have liked. Ways to improve the class include having the teacher
take more control of the class dynamics (some students would continually talk) and being more
supportive of students who are struggling. Students also found the instructor strict and
inflexible. Future students should be prepared to commit a lot of time studying and practicing.
AS.378.396.01
Fundamentals of Japanese Grammar
Mayumi Johnson
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Students found the instructor enthusiastic, accessible, and genuinely interested in her student's
success. They said that this class was an in-depth exploration of Japanese grammar and was
therefore, a great supplement to the year-long Japanese courses. Students said that the
workload and homework is heavy for a 2-credit course. Suggestions for improving the course
include taking a break during class, reducing the assignment and project length. Future students
should pay close attention during lecture and be willing to devote a lot of time to studying and
practicing the material presented during class. Also, students found the textbook to be a great
resource.
AS.378.415.01
Fourth Year Japanese
Makiko Nakao
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Students found the instructor engaging and the course fun and informative. The said that the
in-class discussions were effective in helping student practice their conversational Japanese.
Students found the workload is overwhelming especially during the beginning of the term and
they said they would like more speaking practice. Future students should know that this is an
enjoyable class but you need to be prepared to work hard.
56
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION
KOREAN
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.380.101.01
First Year Korean
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the course: 3.94
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the teacher as well as the introductory
nature of the class. Students enjoyed being exposed to basic Korean culture, in addition to
fundamental grammatical and linguistic skills. Students did not enjoy the overwhelming
amount of vocabulary and the fast pace. Students felt that there was too much material
crammed into too little time. Suggestions for improvement include breaking up the lessons
into more exams, as opposed to having one exam per lesson. Future students should be
prepared to do a lot of memorization, and they should be aware that the teacher uses
vocabulary from the textbooks that are not covered in the class on the exams.
AS.380.201.01
Second Year Korean
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the course: 4.77
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the teacher's willingness to help the
students as well as the interactive classroom dynamic. However, students felt that the worst
aspects of the course were the repetitive nature of the work as well as the discrepancy
57
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: KOREAN
between the students' fluency--a majority of the students were native speakers. Suggestions
for improvement include incorporating more of the Korean culture as well as including more
reading assignments. Future students should know that the workload is fair, but students
should have a general understanding of how to read and write Korean before enrolling in this
course.
AS.380.301.01
Third Year Korean
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the course: 4.82
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course included the teacher as well as the interactive
dynamics of the class. Students also enjoyed learning about Korean culture and language.
However, students felt that the worst aspects of the course were the attendance requirement
as well as the discrepancy between native and non-native speakers. Non-native speaking
students felt there was an unfair advantage for native speaking students. Suggestions for
improvement include more speaking exercises, more exam preparation, and making the
transition from second and third level smoother. Future students should know that the teacher
is fair and understanding, but the course may be difficult for students who do not speak Korean
fluently.
58
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION
RUSSIAN
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.377.131.01
Elements of Russian I
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of this course: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included its ability to provide an excellent basic introduction to
the Russian language, the small class size, the emphasis on conversation, and the personable
and engaging instructor. Some students felt that the class moved very quickly and that there
are a lot of tests and evaluations, especially for an introductory course. Suggestions for
improvement include emphasis on pronunciation and speaking practice. Prospective students
are told that the course is challenging but that they will receive a very good basis in the Russian
language.
AS.377.208.01
Introduction to Intermediate Russian
Annalisa Czeczulin
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a practical focus on Russian grammar, speaking, and
writing, a kind and informative instructor, and lively group discussion. Some students felt that
59
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: RUSSIAN
there should have been more focus on speaking in Russian. Some students thought that the
attitude of the class was too casual and that they lost time on digressions during class time.
Suggestions for improvement include more oral practice in the class. Prospective students
should know that the class requires a lot of self teaching and that everything is turned in at 9
am the day of the due date.
AS.377.211.01
Introduction to Russian Literature I
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of this course: 4.4
This course had five or fewer comments.
AS.377.395.01
Seminar I: Sinners and Saints
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included lively in-class discussion, a helpful instructor, and well
chosen readings. Some students felt that the amount of reading was too demanding.
Suggestions for improvement included slightly more time to do readings and to distribute the
workload more evenly throughout the semester. Prospective students should be aware that the
class is demanding in terms of work, but it is very enjoyable and has a wonderful instructor.
60
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.540.101.01
Chemical Engineering Today
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of this course: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is the multiple guest speakers who come to class to present on
various subjects so students can learn about possible careers and the applicability of their
major. Students also learn how to write a proper resume. The worst aspect of this course is the
repetitive nature of some of the lectures. Students really recommend this course. Future
students should know that there is not a large time commitment outside of class.
EN.540.202.01-02
Intro Chem & Bio Process
Jeffrey Gray
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is the great, engaging professor. Students felt that there were
clear expectations for assignments and tests, but there was a tough grading system and
workload. The worst aspect is the pilot and the emphasis on group work. Future students
should know that the course isn't curved.
61
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.203.01
Engineering Thermodynamics
Michael Bevan
Overall quality of this course: 3.46
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is that the professor was willing to work with students if they
were struggling. The worst aspect of the course is the unhelpful lectures and the difficult
concepts. Students felt that the professor was a fair grader and the homework assignments
were helpful in preparing for the tests. Future students should know that there is a lot of
independent work and studying.
EN.540.204.01
Applies Physical Chemistry
David Gracias
Overall quality of this course: 3.54
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is the engaging professor. Students felt the lectures were very
interesting and the sections were helpful for preparing for the exam. The worst aspect was the
harsh grading and challenging material. Future students should know that it is very important
to keep up with the practice problems.
EN.540.304.01
Transport Phenomena II
Zachary Gagnon
Overall quality of the class: 4.2
Summary:
The students commented that the professor was approachable, friendly, passionate, and clear
about objectives. They said the exam practice problems and the posting of lecture notes online
was very helpful. The instructor answered questions thoroughly and made himself available for
any additional help students needed. They did however, say that sometimes the professor is a
little disorganized causing him to make math errors on the board in class. To improve the
course, students suggested more organization and a more thorough explanation on the math
concepts. Future students should study the homework assignments and practice problems for
the exams. Also, students said the class is very math-oriented and students should have
knowledge of Transport I, multivariable calculus and differential equations, and a strong
understanding of physics.
62
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.305.01
Modeling and Statistical Analysis of Data for Chemical and Biomolecular Eng
Dilipkumar Asthagiri
Overall quality of the class: 2.89
Summary:
Students liked the usefulness and real-world application of the material covered. They found
the professor passionate and genuinely concerned that students actually understand the
material. They said the worst aspect of the course was that the professor assumed a certain
level of knowledge and when students did not meet that level, the professor became
frustrated, condescending, and impatient. Some students said that the professor's teaching
style was not effective. They also said the pace of the lectures were often too fast. To improve
the class, students suggested adding a pre-requisite to the course. They also suggested the
instructor create a more positive environment that is conducive to learning. Future students
should know that the course is challenging and stressful and that many of the assignments
require knowledge of programming, statistics, and Matlab.
EN.540.311.01
Chemical Eng Lab I
Lise Dahuron, Sharon Gerecht
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Students said the strength of the course was the hand-on application of course material.
Students enjoyed working together on a team and liked that they were able to redo reports.
The worst aspects of the course were the many hours spent sitting in the lab and writing lab
reports. Students also said the grading criteria for reports were not clear. To improve the class,
students suggested a more even distribution of the workload and timelier feedback on lab
reports. Future student should be prepared when conducting an experiment in the lab. They
should not waste experiment time on trying to figure out what needs to be done.
EN.540.311.02
Chemical Eng Lab I
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
63
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.313.01
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Lab
Lise Dahuron, Marc Ostermeier, Sharon Gerecht
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of this course was the real-world practical application of theories
learned. The group work provided a great team building atmosphere yet students were also
given the freedom to work individually. The worst aspect of the course is the time constraints.
It is challenging to schedule time for all group members to meet to write lab reports and some
of the labs are very long. To improve the course, students suggested more feedback from the
instructors and clearer expectations for the reports. Future students should know that the
workload is heavy and the lab manuals are not specific. Also, it is very important to choose your
group members wisely ­ having a good group is essential.
EN.540.313.02
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Lab
Marc Ostermeier, Sai Prakash
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The students enjoyed the hands-on nature of the class. It allowed students to put a physical
understanding to the theoretical knowledge they gained during undergraduate courses;
however, they also said that there was a lack of feedback. To improve the course, students
suggested more guidance and information on the labs. They also said a meeting with both the
writing and ChemBE professors present at the same time would be helpful since their opposing
views sometimes made it difficult to write a single report. Future students should know that the
work load is very heavy and there is a lot of self-taught learning in the course.
EN.540.313.03
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Lab
Lise Dahuron, Sharon Gerecht, Sai Prakash
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
Students liked the hands-on application of material learned throughout one's undergraduate
career. The course also provides the student with opportunities to improve their lab writing
skills; however, they did say that sometimes the ChemBE professor and the writing professor
64
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
gave conflicting guidance. This caused students to be confused since they were not sure which
guidance to follow. To improve the course, students suggested more guidance and constructive
feedback. They also suggest a mini-lab day before the actual lab to allow students to become
familiar with the lab and equipment. Future students should know this class requires a large
time commitment. It is important to start early and work constantly. Students also said it is very
important to pick reliable, hard-working group members.
EN.540.402.01
Cellular and Molecular Biotechnology
Michael Betenbaugh
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.409.01-04
Modeling Dynamic/Control
Sai Prakash
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of this course was the useful, practical nature of what was
learned. They said they learned valuable career skills. Students found the homework problems
useful. The worst aspect of the course was that the lectures came straight out of the textbook;
therefore, some students did not attend class. They said the professor's teaching style was
ineffective and that he often ended his class late. Students said the homework problems were
sometimes repetitive, difficult, and time consuming. To improve the class, students suggested
that the professor spend lecture time supplementing the information contained in the book
with more examples instead of reading directly from the book. Future students should know
that there is a lot of MATLAB and Simulink programming. Also, it is essential to have knowledge
of differential equations and it helps to have taken the Kinetics course.
EN.540.415.01
Interfacial Science with Applications to Nanoscale Systems
Joelle Frechette
65
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.418.01
Projects in the design of a chemical Car
Brian Weitzner, Joelle Frechette
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
Summary:
Students this hands-on class let them creatively develop and design a project; however, they
said it was a very time-consuming class. To improve the course, students suggested having a
designated lab and meeting time for the team. Also students said an overview of how cars and
circuits work would have been helpful. Future students should know that this is a fun class but
they will spend a lot of time outside of class researching, building, and testing their project.
EN.540.428.01
Supramolecular Materials and Nanomedicine
Honggang Cui
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.443.01
Topics in Vascular Engineering
Sharon Gerecht
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.449.01
Logic and Decision-making in Biomolecular Systems
Rebecca Schulman
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
66
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.459.01
Bioengineering in Regenerative Medicine
Sharon Gerecht
Overall quality of the class: 3.9
Summary
Students commented that the best part of the course was the wide variety of topics and guest
lecturers that provided them with an abundance of cutting-edge information and research. The
worst aspect of the course was the student presentations. They were often times hard to
understand and follow. Students also did not like the online multiple choice format of the
exams (unable to go back to a previous question) and said there were a number of trick
questions. To improve the class, students suggested the professor take a more active role in
teaching the class (i.e., final review from professor for all of the student presentations) and
fewer student led presentations. Future students should know that a background in cell biology
and biochemistry are helpful.
EN.540.490.01-02
Chem Laboratory Safety
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 3.6
Summary:
The students found the case study approach an effective method for teaching this type of
course. They said the professor was engaging and interesting. They also commented that the
topic was very important and the lessons resonated with them; however, some students found
that each of the 3 classes was too long and became boring. To improve the course, students
suggested having fewer classes or making each of the 3 classes shorter. Students also suggested
starting the course at the beginning of the semester instead of the middle. Future students
should know that attendance is mandatory and they should pay close attention to the
instructor.
EN.540.602.01
Cellular & Molecular Biotechnology
Michael Betenbaugh
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
67
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
Students said the class was very interesting and effectively taught. They found the professor
funny and extremely lively; however, they did comment that sometimes the professor is unable
to clearly explain concepts and can be disorganized. To improve the course, students suggested
having more in-class examples, better course organization, a useful book, and more timely
feedback. Future students should know that it is helpful to have some biochemistry
(biochemical pathways, cell biology), calculus, and kinetics background.
EN.540.615.01
Interfacial Science with Applications to Nanoscale Systems
Joelle Frechette
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
Students commented that the class was effectively taught, well-organized; however, they did
say that there were too many equations which caused students to get confused. They said that
the material was dense and that there was a lot of material to learn in a short time. To improve
the course, students suggested having a single textbook or improving the text resources, and
having office hours for the TA and/or professor. Future students should have knowledge of
physics, math, thermodynamics, physical chemistry, calculus, and electrostatics. Students said
the material is challenging and they should be prepared to work hard.
EN.540.628.01
Supramolecular Materials and Nanomedicine
Honggang Cui
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
Students found the lectures in-depth, thorough, interesting, and very relevant. They said the
course was effectively taught and that the professor was very responsive to student questions
and emails. He was genuinely concerned that the students learn and understand the
information. The worst aspect of the course however was the exam structure. Students found
the multiple choice questions very difficult and not representative of a student's grasp of the
material. Other students said the pace of the course was too fast. To improve the course,
students suggested better course organization and clearer explanation of the concepts. They
also suggested making the slides available prior to lecture since the class moves so quickly.
Future students should have knowledge of polymer chemistry and biochemistry/cell biology.
EN.540.630.01-02
68
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
Thermodynamics & Statistical Mechanics
Dilipkumar Asthagiri
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
Students said they learned a lot in this challenging and well-taught course. It was interesting
and provided a good foundation of thermodynamics. Students said the worst aspect of the
course was the lack of a syllabus, some disorganization in structure (professor sometimes lost
focus in lecture and would go off on a tangent), and difficult subject material. To improve the
class, students would like to have a syllabus that lists due dates and a slower pace in the
beginning of the course. Future students should know that the material is challenging. Also,
having skills in basic thermodynamics, physics, chemistry, statistics, and math is needed.
EN.540.647.01
Advanced Problems in Fluid Mechanics
German Drazer
Overall quality of the class: 4
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.649.01
Logic and Decision-making in Biomolecular Systems
Rebecca Schulman
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.652.01
Fund Biotransport Phenom
German Drazer
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The students found the professor very thorough, enthusiastic, clear, and easy to understand.
They said the material was interesting and the class was well-organized. Students said the worst
69
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
aspect of the course was the lack of a syllabus and a pace that was too slow for some students.
To improve the class, students suggested having more problems, examples, and handouts. Also,
students would like the professor to review the solutions on homework and tests in more
depth. Future students should have some background in transport phenomenon ((unsteady
state flow/diffusion/nondimensionalization), calculus, vector algebra, partial differential
equations, linear algebra
EN.540.659.01
Bioengineering in Regnerative Medicine
Sharon Gerecht
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was learning about the current topics in stem cell
research from a world class researcher in the field. The worst aspect of the course was that the
disparity in what was stated during lecture and the answers on exam questions. Other students
did not like the Ethics portion of the course. To improve the course, students suggested more
feedback on work, receiving grades throughout the semester, posting lecture slides promptly,
and exams that are less vague and more objective. Future students should that the grading is
fair but exam questions are tricky.
70
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
CHEMISTRY
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.030.101.01
Introductory Chemistry I
Douglas Poland
Overall quality of this course: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a knowledgeable and well-spoken professor
who provided clear lecture notes each class. Students liked that there was no collected
or graded assignments and particularly enjoyed the fact that the class emphasized
understanding over memorization. That being said, many found that there were not
enough practice problems presented in class. They found themselves struggling to find
out what would be on the exams, as lecture material did not necessarily follow material
taught in textbook. They too felt that the large lecture style class made getting to know
the professor rather difficult. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating a TA
Chemistry section where practice problems would be presented and discussed each
week and making the homework count towards the final grade. Each of these
suggestions would help prepare students for exams and give them an idea of what to
expect. Future students should be aware that while previous knowledge of chemistry is
not required, it would greatly help one understand the material taught in class. They are
also encouraged to attend lecture, as the material tested on exams comes from the
lectures more than the textbook.
AS.030.101.02
Introductory Chemistry I
D Fairbrother
71
CHEMISTRY
Overall quality of this course: 3.41
Summary:
Students liked the immediate feedback that the OWL system provided, as it helped
teach them how to do the problems through examples. They too found that the lecture
material was presented on easily digestible power-point slides and felt that the teacher
was rather engaging. This being said, students commented on the fact that exams were
often rushed and very difficult to finish in the allotted time. They disliked how the
lecture material was purely theoretical; students had to learn how to apply the theory
on their own time. They too felt that the homework problems did not adequately
prepare them for exams. Suggestions for improvement included having the professor
teach both theory and application, as to help prepare students for exams. Also, students
felt a smaller class size would have significantly helped them grasp the material, as they
would have been able to interact with the professor on a more personal level. Some
believed a PILOT program would be beneficial and appeal to many students. Future
students should be aware that exams require preparation. They are encouraged to read
the textbook regularly and are advised to keep up as the class tends to move quickly
through material.
AS.030.105.01-07
Intro Chemistry Lab I
Louis Pasternack
Overall quality of this course: 3.59
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included hands-on laboratory experiments which helped
add depth to concepts covered in lecture, a great learning environment with provided
students the opportunity to collaborate with other students and timely and thoroughly
graded assignments. Many students found that for a one credit course, the workload
was rather heavy, but did not have much else to comment negatively on. As a result
suggestions for improvement included increasing the amount of credits that the class is
worth. Some students suggested presented expectations of lab write-ups prior to
handing in the first assignment. Future students are encouraged to read the pre-lab
thoroughly before each lab period, as it will help complete the lab in a timely and
effective fashion.
AS.030.205.01
Organic Chemistry I
Marc Greenberg
Overall quality of this course: 3.93
72
CHEMISTRY
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included intellectually stimulating material that was
presented very clearly and in a manner that catered to a mechanistic understanding of
chemistry over pure memorization. Students enjoyed the fact that class participation
was encouraged and found lectures to be very helpful. Some found the course to be too
fast paced and commented on the fact that the final grade is based only upon three
exams. They too noted a lack of feedback. Students unanimously felt that the class
should include more graded assignments (homework or quizzes), as to help distribute
the weight of one's final grade across multiple assignments rather than simply three
exams. Future students should be aware that the course is generally thought to be
extremely faced past. There is no graded homework, but students are encouraged to
read the textbook regularly.
AS.030.205.02
Organic Chemistry I
Christopher Falzone
Overall quality of this course: 3.85
Summary:
Students found the best aspects of this course to be the teaching assistants, which were
reportedly extremely helpful. Students appreciated the fact that the lectures tended to
follow the material provided in the textbook and liked the fact that the course was
intellectually challenging. They also found that ample practice exams were available for
them to use and study from. This all being said, students generally found the heavy
workload to be somewhat over bearing. They found that the material was often hard to
keep up with and some students felt that the lack of assigned homework hurt them in
the long run. They too did not like the large emphasis on `self-teaching'. Suggestions for
improvement included assigning homework and the factoring that into the final grade.
Some suggested changing the scheduling from a MTW to a MWF. Future students
should be aware that this class is a lot of work, but students having taken the class
already found it to be well structured and taught effectively. They encourage new
comers to read the textbook and are cautioned that the class gets progressively more
difficult as time passes.
AS.030.225.01-05
Introductory Organic Chemistry Lab
Jane Greco
Overall quality of this course: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fact that there were no lab write-ups.
Students found the assignments to be graded fairly and thought the labs were
73
CHEMISTRY
interesting. They too found the online lectures and pre-labs to be extremely helpful in
preparing them for the lab experiments, and enjoyed the opportunity for hands-on
experience. Some students found the practical exam to be a poor demonstration of
their understanding of the material and were upset by the lack of feedback they
received through the semester. Suggestions for improvement included providing more
frequent / longer office hours and developing a better way of monitoring the student's
progress during the practical exam, as to ensure that he or she is moving along
accordingly. Future students should be aware that the grading is reasonable and
generally fair and are encouraged to learn and understand the laboratory experiments
prior to going to lab section each week. Students who invest time and effort in the class
will get a lot of out the class.
AS.030.301.01
Physical Chemistry I
David Draper
Overall quality of this course: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included notes that corresponded to the lectures and
were regularly posted online, a professor who was very successful at illustrating the
logic behind the mathematics presented during class, and a textbook, which was found
to greatly help students understand the material. Some students disliked how the
homework assignments tended to deviate from the material taught in class and as a
result, found them to be tedious and often difficult. Suggestions for improvement
included adding section meetings where TAs would reinforce and review ideas taught in
class. Future students should be aware that while the course is at times challenging,
lectures and readings significantly help prepare students for what most considered fair
exams.
AS.030.305.01-02
Physical Chemistry Instrumental Lab I
Arthur Bragg
Overall quality of this course: 3.19
Summary:
Students found the best aspect of this course to be the lab experiments as they were
interesting and engaging. They too found that the lectures covered important and
relevant information. All students felt that for the credits the class is worth, there was
an unreasonable amount of work expected of them. They also disliked the lack of
feedback and the different expectations of each TA. Students found that the heavy
workload actually hindered their ability to learn the material and as a result suggested
decreasing the number of lab reports expected of them. They also would have liked to
74
CHEMISTRY
see more standardization in the grading of the lab reports. Students should be prepared
to put a lot of time into this class and are cautioned that many found the course to be
extremely challenging.
AS.030.356.01-.02
Advanced Inorganic Lab
Justine Roth
Overall quality of this course: 2.79
This course had five or fewer comments.
AS.030.449.01
Chemistry of Inorganic Compounds
Tyrel Mcqueen
Overall quality of this course: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's enthusiasm and lectures that
were well organized and well taught. Students enjoyed that the class provided a broad
overview of inorganic chemistry. Some students commented on the lack of feedback on
homework assignments and felt that exams did not seem to reflect the concepts taught
or learned in class. Suggestions for improvement included changing either the exams to
better mirror the lecture notes, or better prepare students for the material they are
expected to know. Future students should be aware that homework counts as a
majority on one's grade and the tests can be tricky.
AS.030.452.01
Materials & Surface
D Fairbrother
Overall quality of this course: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an effective lecturer, light workload, and a lack
of midterms or finals. That being said, students found the course to be rather repetitive,
and disliked the fact that the class tended to skim over a lot of material rather than go in
depth. As a result, they found it to be not terribly simulative. Suggestions included
providing a more in-depth analysis of techniques currently being used in areas of
research. Some also suggested that assigned homework should better align with
lectures. Future students should be aware that homework is often directly from lecture
notes and students are expected to give a final presentation on a paper at the
conclusion of the semester.
75
CHEMISTRY
AS.030.625.01
Advanced Mechanistic Organic Chemistry I
John Tovar
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included interesting and novel material. Students found
themselves to be intellectually stimulated and felt like they learned a lot and found the
concepts to be applicable in many areas of research. Some students felt that the fast
pace of the class prevented the professor from truly explaining important concepts.
They too did not like how the required text only covered half of the material discussed
in lecture. Suggestions for improvement included assigning more problem sets as to
help students review material for upcoming exams. Future students should be aware
that a strong understanding of organic and physical chemistry is expected. The class
covers the `why' in chemistry rather than the `what', which is discussed in most
undergraduate chemistry courses.
76
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
CIVIL ENGINEERING
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.560.201.01-06
Statics and Strength of Materials
Lori Graham-Brady
Overall quality of this course: 4.57
The best aspects of the course included a professor who was very helpful and presented the
material clearly. Students also felt that the homework and in class examples adequately
prepared them for exams. Students felt that having homework due every week even when
there was a test was inconvenient. Some students felt that there was not enough
communication about the labs. Suggestions for improving the course included providing better
lab instructions and clearer guidelines for how the labs were to be graded. Future students
should be aware that the homework is very reflective of the exams and that the homework
takes a long time to complete.
EN.560.220.01
Civil Engineering Analysis
Judith Mitrani-Reiser
Overall quality of this course: 4.43
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to learn MATLAB, which students
thought to be extremely useful. The professor was very helpful and there were many in class
examples, which was good for learning. Some students felt that the homework regarding
MATLAB was not the level of material covered in class. Suggestions for improving the course
included introducing MATLAB earlier in the semester and learning the analytical solutions to
problems in addition to the numerical solutions.
77
CIVIL ENGINEERING
Future students should be aware that this class involves computer programming and that prior
knowledge in math is necessary to do well.
EN.560.305.01
Soil Mechanics
Annalingam Anandarajah
Overall quality of this course: 3.93
The best aspects of this course included labs that reinforced material that was taught in lecture.
The professor's lectures were very useful in helping students learn. Students felt that the
textbook was not useful in the course of the class. Suggestions for improving the course
included having a better textbook and having the lectures coincide with material covered in the
textbook. Future students should be aware that the textbook is not necessary to learn the
material, but that lectures are extremely important.
EN.560.320.01
Steel Structures
Rachel Sangree
Overall quality of this course: 4.79
The best aspects of this course included a professor that was very helpful and gave very clear
lectures. Students also felt that the homework was very useful. Some students felt that the
homework took a long time to complete. Suggestions for improving the course included
covering more material and having more practice problems during the lectures. Future students
should be aware that the homework is necessary for understanding the material covered in
class.
EN.560.349.01
Civil Engineering Design I
Niklas Vigener; Charles Russo
Overall quality of this course: 4.29
The best aspects of this course included informative, efficient lectures. The professor is a
practicing engineer, which allowed students to learn practical skills used in the workplace.
Some students felt that the lack of feedback regarding homework made it difficult to learn from
their mistakes. Students also felt that there was not enough time allotted for the final project.
Suggestions for improving the course included having more feedback and structure on the
homework assignments and more guidance on the final project. Future students should be
aware that the course requires a lot of work and to start the final project early in the semester.
EN.560.440.01
78
CIVIL ENGINEERING
Applied Finite Element Methods
Narutoshi Nakata
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
The best aspects of this course included well-taught lectures and the homework assignments,
which reinforced the material taught in class. However, some students felt that the homework
assignments were difficult for those without prior MATLAB experience. Other students felt that
the textbook for the class was not useful. Suggestions for improving the course included
incorporating computer programming more slowly into the curriculum, solving problems in
class that were similar to those in the homework, and having a final or a larger final project.
Future students should be aware that taking Structural Analysis may make the class easier.
EN.560.445.01
Advanced Structural Analysis
James Guest
Overall quality of this course: 4.60
The best aspects of this course included a professor who taught the material very clearly. The
course also covers programming (such as STAAD) very effectively. Some students felt that
homework assignments were too long. They also felt that the course did not adequately teach
MATLAB. Suggestions for improving the course included spending more time teaching MATLAB,
or making MATLAB a prerequisite for the course. Students also felt that having more time for
homework assignments would improve the course. Future students should be aware that a
background in MATLAB is important for doing well in the course.
EN.560.702.01
Modeling Complex Systems Colloquium
Lori Graham-Brady
Overall quality of this course: 4.30
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.560.729.01
Structural Mechanics
Annalingam Anandarajah
Overall quality of this course: 4.10
The best aspects of the course included the comprehensive lectures and the homework
assignments, which helped in understanding the material taught in class. The professor had
very clear lectures and provided many helpful examples of the material in class. Some students
79
CIVIL ENGINEERING
felt that the lack of solutions for homework assignments and in class examples prevented them
from learning. Others felt that the test questions were more difficult than they expected.
Suggestions for improving the course included making solutions for the homework assignments
accessible to students. Future students should be aware that a background in strength of
materials is necessary to do well in the course.
EN.560.730.01
Finite Element Methods
Somnath Ghosh
Overall quality of this course: 4.10
The best aspects of this course included lectures and class discussions that were thought-
provoking. The homework assignments helped students learn the material. Some students felt
that the professor assumed that the students knew material when they did not and the
professor did not provide adequate answers to student questions. Some students felt that the
material taught was sometimes confusing while others felt it was too easy. Suggestions for
improving the course included having more examples in class and spending less class time on
derivations. Future students should have a strong background in coding, differential equations,
multivariable calculus, linear algebra, and finite element methods to do well in the course.
EN.560.761.01
Cold-Formed Steel Structures
Benjamin Schafer
Overall quality of this course: 4.27
The best aspects of this course included a professor that was interesting and that taught the
material well. The projects also helped the students learn the material more effectively. Some
students felt that some topics could have been reviewed in more depth and that homework
was returned to the students too late. Suggestions for improving the course included handing
back the homework earlier and having more journal articles included in the course. Future
students should be aware that a background in structural analysis is assumed and that the
course is good for students interested in design.
EN.560.771.01
Systems Modeling and Simulation
Takeru Igusa
Overall quality of this course: 3.91
The best aspect of this course included the hands on learning of software which had
applications in simulations and modeling. Students also liked the flexibility of the projects and
felt the lectures were well taught. Students felt that the course focused on too many topics and
80
CIVIL ENGINEERING
did not include enough detail on each topic. Some students felt that the examples and problem
sets were too general. Suggestions for improving the course included having more homework
to practice the concepts learned in class and having more time and mathematical discussion of
topics in class. Future students should be aware that a background in programming and
statistics is helpful, and they should have ideas for simulations and models for the homework
assignments.
81
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
CLASSICS
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.040.105.01.FA11
Elementary Ancient Greek
Robert Webber
Overall quality of this course: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included an instructor who was available to help
students, both in in-class review sessions and individually. The small class size provided
an atmosphere that encouraged learning, and the weekly quizzes helped students keep
track of how much they had learned. Students felt that the class should have been
offered at a later time than 9 a.m. Some students felt that the class moved at too fast of
a pace and that they would have preferred a less tedious textbook. Suggestions for
improvement included having the class scheduled later in the day, choosing a different
textbook, and slowing the pace of the course down by spending more time on difficult
chapters. Future students should know that there is a lot of memorization, and the
course will be easier if students have a background in Latin.
AS.040.107.01
Elementary Latin
Elisabeth Schwinge
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
82
CLASSICS
The best aspects of this course included a knowledgeable instructor who was able to
both teach the material efficiently and make it more interesting for the students. The
small class size allowed for students to receive more individual attention. Students felt
that the textbook was hard to understand. Suggestions for improving the class included
organizing the notes more efficiently on the board, and assigning longer texts to read.
Future students should be aware that the course requires a lot of memorization and
that there are quizzes almost every week.
AS.040.107.02
Elementary Latin
Danilo Piana
Overall quality of this course: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who was available to answer
questions and who was interested in the success of his students. The homework and
quizzes helped students learn the material and track their progress in the course.
Students felt that the textbook was poorly organized and that the homework was
tedious and took too long to complete. Suggestions for improving the class included
changing the textbook and structuring the homework better. Future students should
know that the class has a heavy workload and they will need to do a lot of
memorization.
AS.040.11.01
Ancient Greek Civilization: Society, Archaeology, Literature, Philosophy
Dimitrios Yatromanolakis
Overall quality of this course: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussions, which were both helpful in
understanding the readings and complemented the instructor's lectures. Students felt
that attendance and class participation were weighted too heavily in their final grades,
although some students felt that there was not enough participation in section.
Students also felt that the class period was too long and that there was too much
reading. Suggestions for improving the course included breaking up the class into three
50-minute periods and having the instructor include Power Points with every lecture.
Future students should be aware that the workload is very manageable, and that the
class requires a lot of student input.
AS.040.137.01
Archaeology at the Crossroads: The Ancient Eastern Mediterranean
Emily Anderson
83
CLASSICS
Overall quality of this course: 4.9
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a very knowledgeable instructor who was able
to engage her students in the course material. Students were able to have hands-on
experience working with objects from the Archaeology museum. Some students felt
that the paper prompts lacked focus, and that there was a lot of technical reading
required. Some suggestions for improvement included focusing on broader topics,
shortening the readings and spending more time with their objects from the
Archaeology museum. Future students should be aware that there are a lot of required
readings.
AS.040.207.01
Intermediate Latin
Laura Garofalo
Overall quality of this course: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the instructor's enthusiasm and availability to
help students by answering their questions and meeting them during office hours.
Students felt that the worst aspects of the course included having to learn so much Latin
vocabulary, and only focusing on translating one speech for the entire semester. Some
suggestions for improvement included requiring more sight translations in class and
spending the first week reviewing grammar. Prospective students should make sure
that they have a strong background in Latin and know that they will have to do a large
amount of memorization.
AS.040.308.01
Advanced Latin Poetry
Herica Valladares
Overall quality of this course: 4.3
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the class discussions and going over the
translations in class. Students felt that the worst aspects of the course included having
too many people in the class, and having to do a large amount of homework and test
preparation. Suggestions for improvement included having a smaller class size, more
class discussion, and lighter homework and quiz preparation assignments. Prospective
students should be aware that there is a large amount of translating, and that they
should make sure they have time to do the assignments.
84
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.050.101.01
Cognition
Colin Wilson
Overall quality of this course: 3.9
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting material and the engaging professor.
Students commented that the professor was very friendly and effective at presenting
intellectually challenging material. Students felt that the required texts were difficult to
understand and didn't seem necessary; also, the lectures sometimes became boring.
Suggestions for improving the course centered on eliminating the textbooks or choosing better
ones and avoiding reading directly off of the slideshow during lectures. Students interested in
the course should know that exams are mostly multiple choice and short answer, best
approached by studying the lecture slides. There is generally not a curve on exams.
AS.050.105.01
Introduction to Cognitive Neuropsychology
Michael McCloskey
Overall quality of this course: 4.47
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fact that case studies were used to demonstrate the material, especially
when they involved the professor's original research. They felt that the professor was
approachable and a great teacher. Students disliked tricky pop quizzes on the readings and the
slow pace of grading and incompleteness of feedback. Students suggested that the course could
be improved by posting lecture slides on Blackboard, and by giving more thorough feedback
85
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
and information about grade standing. Prospective students should know that there are pop
quizzes almost every week, there is no textbook but there is a decent amount of reading, and
that it is important to take excellent notes during lecture.
AS.050.204.01
Visual Cognition
Soojin Park
Overall quality of this course: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the focus on concepts rather than memorization, the
fascinating nature of the material and the in-class demonstrations and examples. The weak
aspects of the course included the language barrier between the professor and students and
the excessively advanced readings. Suggestions for improvement included giving students more
information about the exams both before and after they are given and emphasizing the most
important information by cutting down on readings and making important points clearer during
lecture. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of material to learn with a large
amount of reading and difficult exams. There are also weekly reading quizzes.
AS.050.311.01
The Literate Mind and Brain
Brenda Rapp
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students liked that the professor was so enthusiastic and invested in student progress and
success, and found the material very interesting. The weaker aspects of the course were the
long readings, and the occasional rushing through material to keep up with the syllabus.
Suggestions for improvement were to pace the material better and lighten the reading load.
Prospective students should be aware that there is a lot of reading, but surprisingly little
writing. The professor will assume that all students have a background in cognitive science.
AS.050.317.01
Semantics I
Kyle Rawlins
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were working through examples together during class and that
the students were constructing linguistic rules through reasoning. The worst aspects of the
course were the confusing expectations and grading and the inattentiveness to different
86
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
student backgrounds. Suggestions for improvement included assigning shorter homework more
frequently, giving students more concrete grading and feedback, and providing more general
summaries of material instead of in-depth explorations of special examples. Students interested
in the course should be aware that it is not recommended for humanities majors because it is
highly technical; this course is much easier for computer science majors. Students should
attend lecture and take notes since the textbook does not always cover all of the required
information.
AS.050.321.01
Syntax II
Geraldine Legendre
Overall quality of this course: 5.0
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
AS.050.333.01
Psycholinguistics
Akira Omaki
Overall quality of this course: 3.5
Summary:
Students had a favorable view of the interesting material in this course and the opportunities to
conduct lab research and read primary sources. Many students did not enjoy the length and
frequency of the course meeting (once weekly for two and a half hours); students did not like
how long it took for them to receive grades on assignments. Suggestions for improvement
include offering the course as a writing-intensive credit and giving more detailed and timely
feedback. Students interested in the course should know that there is a lot of writing but the
grading system is fairly lenient.
AS.050.372.01
Formal Methods in Cognitive Science: Neural Networks
Paul Smolensky
Overall quality of this course: 3.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the intellectual challenge and the rigorous way in which
the usage of formal systems was developed to describe cognitive systems. The weaker aspects
of the course were the lack of integration of mathematical topics with neural network topics
and the frequent disorganization. Suggestions for improvement included refining the handouts
to make important ideas salient and working through examples during lectures. Prospective
students should know that while not required, a mathematics background is very helpful. The
87
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
class is combined graduate and undergraduate, and undergrads will have several opportunities
for extra credit.
AS.050.621.01
Syntax II
Geraldine Legendre
Overall quality of this course: 5.0
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
88
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
COMPUTER SCIENCE
The Write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about his course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.600.104.01
Computer Ethics
Sheela Kosaraju
Overall quality of this course: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the discussion sections held every week. The students
were able to lead discussions on various topics covered in the course. Some students felt that
the discussion topics were ambiguous, which often led to discussions going often went off-topic.
Some students also felt that the readings were assigned too late; students did not have enough
time to complete the readings before class. Suggestions for improving the course included
having more structured discussion sections and having an improved list of reading materials
and more time to complete the reading. Future students should be aware that this is a
discussion-based class and there is a final paper.
EN.600.105.01
M & Ms: Freshman Exp
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of this course: 3.69
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the opportunity for students to learn about many
different aspects of computer science via guest speakers every week. The lectures were also
very engaging, there was little homework, and students were given candy in every class. Some
students felt that the lectures were not interactive or well-planned. Some students felt that
some lecturers gave very technical talks, which were difficult to follow. Suggestions for
89
COMPUTER SCIENCE
improving the course included having more interactive lectures. Future students should be
aware that attendance is important to the grade they will receive, and this course is a good
introduction to computer science.
EN.600.107.01
Intro Programming-Java
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of this course: 3.98
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the ability for students to learn a lot about Java and
how to program. The assignments helped students learn the material effectively and the TAs
were also very helpful. Some students found it difficult to get the full attention of the TAs.
Some students felt that lectures were not very helpful; they felt the professor covered basic
topics too slowly and complicated topics too quickly. Suggestions for improving the course
included making the lectures more topic-based rather than example-based and to have a TA
section rather than a programming lab for extra guidance. Future students should be aware
that the assignments take a long time to complete and that prior experience programming can
be helpful but is not necessary to do well in the course.
EN.600.108.01-03
Intro Programming Lab
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the TAs, who were very helpful and extremely
knowledgeable. The course also helped in understanding the content taught in lectures and the
homework assignments. Some students felt the length of the labs were inconsistent, which
made it difficult to know what to expect every week. Some students also felt the instructions
given in class were difficult to understand and carry out. Suggestions for improving the course
included having assignments with better instructions and sending out the lab assignments prior
to the class so students would have time to prepare. Future students should be aware that the
course is very helpful for students who have never programmed before.
EN.600.111.01
Python Scripting
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of this course: 3.69
Summary:
90
COMPUTER SCIENCE
The best aspects of this course included the instructor, who was interesting and covered a wide
variety of topics during lectures. The projects were very hands-on and helped students learn
Python better. Some students felt the material was disorganized and there was little feedback
on assignments, which made it difficult for them to improve. Some students also felt that the
homework assignments were too difficult because they covered topics that were not discussed
in class. Suggestions for improving the course included returning homework assignments back
in a timely manner and teaching the material more slowly so that students could keep up.
Future students should be aware that the course is a very good introduction to Python, but it
requires a lot of time outside of class to fully learn the material.
EN.600.120.01-04
Intermediate Programming
Yair Amir
Overall quality of this course: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor and TAs, who were always willing to help
students when they had problems with the coursework. Additionally, the material taught in the
course was extremely useful. Some students felt the workload for the course was inconsistent.
Lectures sometimes moved too quickly and did not have enough examples of the course
material. Suggestions for improving the course included having guidelines or rubrics available
for the assignments and projects and focusing more on specific aspects of C/C++ during lectures.
Future students should be aware that experience in programming is necessary to do well in the
course and to begin assignments early.
EN.600.211.01
Unix System Programming
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
EN.600.226.01
Data Structures
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of this course: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the course material, which was very useful for several
other classes and was also interesting. Students also liked how the homework assignments
reinforced concepts learned in class and improved their programming skills. Some students felt
91
COMPUTER SCIENCE
that the workload for the class was too large and that they were not given enough time to
complete their assignments. Some students felt that the lectures were not helpful in learning
the material and that they did not focus enough on the programming aspects of the material.
Suggestions for improving the course included breaking up the assignments into smaller
portions so students could focus on individual components and including a lab for the class.
Future students should be aware that they should be familiar with Java and to start the
assignments early.
EN.600.255.01-02
Introduction to Video Game Design
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the freedom to design a video game. Students were also
able to work in a collaborative environment, which they felt was useful when applying for jobs.
Some students felt that there was not enough time to finish their video games, and that not
much material was taught during the course. Some students also felt that the teams were too
large and there were some members who had little programming experience. Suggestions for
improving the course included having more balanced teams or individual grades, and having
multiple projects rather than one large project. Future students should be aware that there is a
lot of work involved and to work with their group continuously throughout the semester to
finish the project on time.
EN.600.256.01-04
Introduction to Video Game Design Lab
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of this course: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were that students were able to work with their group on their
project during class. Some students felt that it improved their ability to work in groups. Some
students felt that the class was not necessary and that there was little structure in the course.
Some students felt that the assignments in the beginning of the course were very rigid.
Suggestions for improving the course included having more help from the TAs and having some
tutorials to better understand the concepts. Future students should be aware that the course is
a great chance to work with their group for EN.600.255.
EN.600.306.01
Introduction to Speech
Ken Church
92
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Overall quality of this course: 3.22
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the material, which many students found interesting. The
professor also went over many topics in speech processing and reviewed topics that students
had trouble with. Some students felt that the course was disorganized and that the homework
assignments were too lengthy for a one-credit course. Some students felt that there was not
enough instructor feedback on assignments. Suggestions for improving the course included
having more feedback on assignments and making lesson plans more straightforward. Future
students should be aware that some programming background is necessary for the course and
students will learn many different parts of speech processing.
EN.600.315.01
Databases
David Yarowsky
Overall quality of this course: 3.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the material, which was useful and interesting. The
homework assignments helped students become comfortable with the course material and
were very good practice. Some students felt that the lectures were dry and the professor was
unresponsive to questions. Some students felt that it took too long for them to receive their
graded assignments and exams. Suggestions for improving the course included having more
engaging lectures and getting faster feedback on assignments and exams. Future students
should be aware that the assignments are helpful in learning the material.
EN.600.320.01
Parallel Programming
Randal Burns
Overall quality of this course: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lectures, which were well-taught and very
interesting and informative. Some students felt that the homework assignments were
confusing. Some students also felt that the set-up for homework assignments took longer than
the actual assignments themselves. Suggestions for improving the course included having more
documentation on the setup for homework assignments and having better ties between the
material taught in class and the homework assignments. Future students should be aware that
the work for the class is time consuming but interesting.
EN.600.321.01
Object Oriented Software Engineering
93
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Scott Smith
Overall quality of this course: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the final project, which was open ended and was a
good way for students to learn about team work and long term programming. Some students
felt that the lectures were ineffective and not very useful. Some students also felt that the
individual assignments took time away from working on the long term project and did not help
them learn the material. Suggestions for improving the course included making the lectures
more interesting and relevant to the homework assignments. Future students should be aware
that the majority of the work in the class is done with a group and that most of the learning is
done independently.
EN.600.333.01
Computer System Fundamentals
Gerald Masson
Overall quality of this course: 1.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the material, which was interesting, and the quizzes
and exams, which were open book. Students felt that the course was not organized at all: there
was no syllabus and students were not informed as to the due dates for assignments or how
the course was to be evaluated. Some students felt that the professor did not teach the course
effectively and were therefore unprepared to take the quizzes and exams. Suggestions for
improving the course included creating a syllabus so the students are more informed of the
structure of the course and changing the professor. Future students should be aware that there
are many pop quizzes and that completing the optional final project will boost their grade in the
course.
EN.600.336.01
Algorithms for Sensor-Based Robotics
Gregory Hager
Overall quality of this course: 3.80
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
EN.600.361.01
Computer Vision
Nicolas Padoy
Overall quality of this course: 3.30
94
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the material covered in class, which was interesting and
practical. The homework assignments and projects helped students learn the material. Students
felt that the lectures were difficult to follow. Some students felt that the homework
assignments were very difficult to complete, and little guidance was given to them by the TA or
the professor. Suggestions for improving the course included having slower paced lectures and
more access to the TAs when help on the homework was needed. Future students should be
aware that knowledge of linear algebra is helpful for doing well in the course. Most of the
coding is done using MatLab, and that the course is a large time commitment.
EN.600.415.01
Databases
David Yarowsky
Overall quality of this course: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the ability for students to learn the material through
the assignments. Additionally, the topic of the course was useful and interesting. Some
students felt that the homework assignments were tedious and too long. Some students felt
the professor was disorganized and the TAs and professor were unresponsive to student
questions. Suggestions for improving the course included making the course more organized
and the giving more guidance to students regarding the homework assignments. Future
students should be aware that this is an informative course that some computer science
background is recommended.
EN.600.420.01
Parallel Programming
Randal Burns
Overall quality of this course: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the lectures, which covered a variety of topics and were
well-taught. Students felt the homework assignments were useful for reinforcing different
parallel programming techniques. Some students felt that the wording of the assignments was
ambiguous. The lectures were sometimes boring and did not cover material outside of that in
the lecture slides. Suggestions for improving the course included providing documentation for
some of the programs used and returning assignments faster so students could know what to
change for the next one. Future students should be aware that this course is a good
introductory course to parallel programming, and that it is assumed that students are fluent in
Java, C++, and Perl.
95
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.421.01
Object Oriented Software Engineering
Scott Smith
Overall quality of this course: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the TA, who was both technically knowledgeable and
personable. The projects were a good way to reinforce the material learned, and gave students
creative freedom. Some students felt that the homework assignments were not useful and took
time away from working on the projects and were graded harshly. Students also felt that the
lectures were sometimes dry. Suggestions for improving the course included making lectures
more engaging and changing some of the assignments to make them focus more on more
important concepts learned in class. Future students should be aware that a background in Java
is helpful for doing well, and to pick a project early.
EN.600.433.01
Computer Systems
Gerald Masson
Overall quality of this course: 2.50
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
EN.600.436.01
Algorithms for Sensor-Based Robotics
Gregory Hager
Overall quality of this course: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included lectures and assignments that helped students with
learning the concepts. The professor explained the concepts learned in class well. Students felt
that there was not enough feedback on the homework assignments. Some students also felt
that the class did not emphasize the fundamentals necessary for learning material in the course.
Suggestions for improving the course included having more homework assignments for
students to practice the concepts learned and a second TA. Future students should have a
working knowledge of C++ and that the course is more of an introduction to algorithms and
robotics, rather than a thorough course.
EN.600.442.01
Modern Cryptography
Christopher Pappacena
96
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Overall quality of this course: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the material, which provided students both with the
fundamental mathematic and theoretical foundations to cryptography, and was interesting to
learn. The lectures were also well-taught. Some students felt that the timing of the class was
inconvenient and that class time was too long. Suggestions for improving the course included
meeting twice a week rather than just once a week. Future students should be aware that this
is a math-intensive course.
EN.600.443.01
Security & Privacy in Computing
Aviel Rubin
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the projects, which were informative and provided a
good learning experience. The lectures covered very interesting material. Some students felt
that the tests were too long and too theoretical compared to the material taught in class. Some
students felt that the guest lecturers were not very helpful in expanding their knowledge of the
material. Suggestions for improving the course included covering more topics that students
found interesting and shortening the length of the projects. Future students should be aware
that this is a good course for learning about computer security and that knowledge of C is
recommended.
EN.600.445.01
Computer Integrated Surgery I
Russell Taylor
Overall quality of this course: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the assignments, which were interesting and helped
the students learn the course material. The lectures were also very helpful; the professor
conveyed the material effectively and the guest lecturers made class more interesting. Some
students felt that there were too many typos on lecture slides and homework assignments,
which made them difficult to follow. Some students felt that the assignments were too long and
that feedback regarding the assignments was not in a timely manner, which made it difficult for
them to learn from their mistakes. Suggestions for improving the course included having more
math and algorithm examples incorporated into the lecture and getting their graded
assignments back in a more timely manner. Future students should be aware that the course
requires a lot of work and that a background in mathematics and programming is strongly
recommended.
97
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.450.01
Network Embedded Systems/Sensor
Marcus Chang
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor and the TA, who were both very helpful
and knowledgeable. The students learned a lot of material during the lectures, which were well-
taught. Some students felt that TinyOS programming assignments were too easy and did not
help them learn the material well. Some students also felt that the class had a large learning
curve. Suggestions for improving the course included having several TinyOS tutorials and giving
feedback on assignments. Future students should be aware that knowledge of C is useful for
the course.
EN.600.461.01
Computer Vision
Nicolas Padoy
Overall quality of this course: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the topic, which was intellectually challenging and
interesting. The projects also helped students learn more about Vision. Students felt that the
lectures were not effective in conveying the course material and the TA was unhelpful with the
homework. Some students felt the homework was very difficult and was too harshly graded.
Suggestions for improving the course included organizing the course a little more, incorporating
a class where MatLab was taught, focusing on several topics rather than covering too many,
and having more TA office hours. Future students should be aware that having a background in
MatLab and linear algebra is helpful for the course.
EN.600.464.01
Randomized Algorithms
S Kosaraju
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
EN.600.465.01
Natural Language Processing
Jason Eisner
98
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Overall quality of this course: 4.69
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the instructor, who had very good lectures, and the
course material, which covered a variety of topics in depth. Students considered the course a
very good introductory course to natural language processing. Some students felt that the
homework assignments were a little long, and that exam questions were not very straight-
forward. Suggestions for improving the course included providing solutions to the homework
assignments. Future students should be aware that there is a large workload for this course.
EN.600.467.01
Wireless Networks
Amitabh Mishra
Overall quality of this course: 3.67
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
EN.600.471.01
Theory of Computation
Vinodchandran Variyam
Overall quality of this course: 3.78
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the subject matter, which was both interesting and
improved students' problem solving skills. Some students also felt that the course was well
taught and help was readily available. Some students did not like how homework assignments
were due on the same day as exams. Some students also did not like that homework solutions
were not available, and they could not learn from their mistakes. Suggestions for improving the
course included posting solutions for homework assignments and providing more practice
problems for the students. Future students should be aware that a background in discrete math
and automata theory would be helpful in understanding the material.
EN.600.475.01
Machine Learning
Mark Dredze
Overall quality of this course: 4.41
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the homework, which was useful for learning the material,
and the professor, who was knowledgeable and gave good lectures. The class discussion board
was also very helpful for the learning process. Some students felt that the class covered too
99
COMPUTER SCIENCE
much material to be learned in one semester, and that the amount of time spent on each topic
was uneven. Suggestions for improving the course included having more relevant examples in
class and allowing more time for homework assignments. Future students should be aware that
a background in Java is important to doing well in the course.
EN.600.615.01
Big Data, Small Languages, Scalable Systems
Yanif Ahmad
Overall quality of this course: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included lectures that were very thorough and were able to
broaden the students' knowledge of database systems. Some students felt that the professor
did not go into enough depth on the topics and that there were not enough opportunities for
the student to test their understanding of the material. Suggestions for improving the course
included having less student presentations throughout the course. Future students should have
some knowledge of database systems and data structures.
EN.600.642.01
Advanced Topics in Cryptography
Matthew Green
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.600.664.01
Randomized Algorithms
S Kosaraju
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the instructor who was very enthusiastic and covered the big
picture in lecture, rather than focusing on the details. The homework assignments required
creativity and were not busywork. Some students felt that the course work was very
inconsistent. Some students also felt that others in the class were not prepared for the course
and a lot of time was spent going over prerequisite concepts. Suggestions for improving the
course included bridging the material covered in the textbook with the material covered in
lectures and finalizing text materials before the course rather than during the course of the
class. Future students should be aware that a background in probability is helpful for the course
and that the course is challenging but interesting.
100
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.726.01
Selected Topics in Programming Languages
Scott Smith
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
EN.600.728.01
Selected Topics in Category Theory
Scott Smith
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
EN.600.763.01
Selected Topics in Streaming Algorithms
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of this course: 4.80
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
EN.600.765.01
Selected Topics in Natural Language Processing
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
EN.600.766.01
Selected Topics in Meaning, Translation and Generation of Text
Benjamin Van Durme; Christopher Callison-Burch
Overall quality of this course: 4.86
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
101
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.270.102.01-02
Conversations with the Earth
Bruce Marsh
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the field trip to Gettysburg. Students also liked having
different lecturers, each an expert from their respective fields, teach class each week. Students
said the professor was interesting, engaging, knowledgeable, and had an infectious enthusiasm.
They also liked the relaxed learning environment free from the stress of exams. The worst
aspect of the course is that some of the lectures are boring and dry. Also there was overlap of
some of the topics since there were many guest lecturers. Additionally, many students do not
show up to class so there is little class participation. To improve the course students suggested
more timely return of graded homework and more lectures by Professor March. Future
students should that this is a good science class for non-science students. Grades are based on
homework which is completed in groups of 5.
AS.270.103.01
Introduction to Global Environmental Change
Benjamin Passey, Darryn Waugh
Overall quality of the class: 3.39
102
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
Summary:
The best aspect of the course is the subject matter. It is interesting, useful, and practical. The
home works were effective and helped students learn. The Power Point slides, which are
posted online, are helpful to study from. The worst aspect of the course is the lectures are dry
and not interactive. Students also found it confusing switching between the 2 professors since
each was teaching a different topic. The exams were difficult and some of the material on the
exam seemed obscure compared to the material covered in class. To improve the class,
students suggested teaching the course with only 1 professor, having review sessions before
exams, more interactive and engaging lectures classes, more questions on the homework that
prepare students for the exam, changing the course name to accurately reflect the course
focus, and more organized lectures. Future students should know this course requires a
background in biology, chemistry, physics, and math.
AS.270.108.01
Oceans + Atmospheres
Anand Gnanadesikan, Thomas Haine
Overall quality of the class: 3.31
Summary:
The best aspect of the course is that the lectures notes, which are posted online, are great to
study to from. The professors were engaging, knowledgeable, and passionate. The worst aspect
of the course is the exams and home works are difficult and the tests are graded harshly. The
instructors do not explain or review the home works. Also students said the course was more
challenging than they anticipated and that a background in math was needed to complete the
home works. Students said that this class was not taught at an introductory 100 level. To
improve the class, students suggested more correlation between lectures, homework, and the
exams. Also, the course description should include the fact that a math background is required.
Students also wanted more opportunities for help and more feedback on homework. Future
students should know this course is more science and math based than what the course
description leads you to believe. It is not an easy course ­ there are a lot of equations and the
home works are time-consuming. Students should have a background in math, physics, and
chemistry.
AS.270.205.01
Intro to Geographic Information Systems and Geospatial Analysis
Stephen Hellen
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
103
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
The best aspect of the course is the thorough hands-on experience with the GIS software.
Students found that the course taught useful and applicable skills. They found the professor
helpful and patient. The worst aspect of the course is that there are technical glitches in the
program and the ARCGIS program can be fickle. It only works on PCs and not MACs. Some of
the assignments assumed that the user already knew certain elements about the program. To
improve the course, students more effective use of class time learning about the GIS tools,
proper use of geographic coordinate systems, raster analysis, and/or python or VBA scripting.
Students also wanted more time to work though problems or doing exercises/assessments in
groups so they did not take as long. Future students should know that having a background in
statistics would be helpful when doing spatial analysis. The grading system is fair and the
professor provides an accurate rubric of the requirements. This course is helpful and provides
you with a wealth of information about GIS, a great program to have on your resume.
AS.270.220.01
The Dynamic Earth : An Introduction to Geology
John Ferry, David Veblen
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course are the straightforward lectures and the interesting material.
Students found Professor Veblen animated, engaging, and entertaining. They found Professor
Ferry was able to clearly explain things in a way that made concepts understandable. Some
students liked the fact that there was no homework while others thought having homework
assignments would be helpful for grading purposes since the grades are based entirely on tests.
Also homework assignments would help students stay engaged and have a better idea of what
to expect for the exams. Future students should be sure to keep up with the readings. The
workload is not heavy but some students found the course boring.
AS.270.221.01
Lab Dynamic Earth
Sakiko Olsen
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the hands-on labs that were fun and effective in learning
the material. Students also enjoyed the field trips. They found the professor very available,
inspiring, and helpful. She provided individual attention to her students and takes a genuine
interest in them. The worst aspects of the course were that the instructions were often
extremely vague and there was not enough time at the Smithsonian. Some students said there
104
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
was no worst aspect to the course. Future students should know that the labs take a long time
and it is best to finish the lab reports in class.
AS.270.305.01
Energy Resources in the Modern World
Linda Hinnov
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting and educational topics and the readings.
The professor gave helpful feedback and made time for everyone who asked for help. Students
found her dedication and enthusiasm was contagious. The worst aspect of the course is that it
can be disorganized and assignments were not returned in a timely manner. Some students
said class time was not used effectively and that the instructor can get off track. Others said
there are too many readings. To improve the course, students suggested incorporating more
class discussions and keeping the lectures on focus and on-topic. Students also suggested
better time management so that all topics are covered and there can be a better focus on clean
energy resources. Future students should know that this class provides general useful
knowledge on a hot topic issues and that it is important to stay up-do-date on readings.
AS.270.318.01
Remote Sensing of the Environment
Carlos Del Castillo, Benjamin Zaitchik
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.270.369.01
Geochem Earth/Environment
Dimitri Sverjensky
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting and useful labs. The professor was
genuinely interested in making sure his students were learning and understanding the material.
The worst aspect of the course is that lectures can be boring. To improve the course, students
suggested incorporating more discussion and including such visual aids as Power Point slides
and videos. Future students should know that the books are available in the library so there is
no need to buy them.
105
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
ECONOMICS
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.180.101.01-24
Elements of Macroeconomics
Louis Maccini
Overall quality of this course: 3.72
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the relevant real world connections, and the
lecture slides that were uploaded online. Students felt that the lectures were slow and
simplified, there was not enough time to complete the exams, and there was little
correlation between lectures and exam topics. Suggestions for improvement include
assigning more challenging problem sets, progressing through simple materials quickly
while spending more time on important topics, and focusing more on grading exams
based on the student's understanding of the concepts rather than on specific keywords.
Prospective students should expect to attend lectures regularly in order to succeed on
exams, and they should understand how to apply concepts to any situation.
AS.180.228.01-02
Economic Development
Mark Gersovitz
Overall quality of this course: 3.52
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the challenging and interesting subject matter
and the relatable real world examples. Students felt that lectures were disorganized,
dull, and sometimes unclear, there was no feedback on exams and the grading scheme
106
ECONOMICS
was arbitrary; the course did not cover development as thoroughly as was expected.
Suggestions for improvement include having clearer exam questions, more feedback on
exams, more organized lectures, and relating lectures to recent world events.
Prospective students should be well versed in the elements of micro and
macroeconomics, and should know that the subject matter of this course is very
interesting and useful, however the class lacks structure.
AS.180.241.01
International Trade
Trent Bertrand
Overall quality of this course: 3.20
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the interesting readings and discussions that
bring in real world experience, and the knowledgeable professor who provides an
overview of international trade and economics based on personal experience. Students
felt that many microeconomic concepts were used that had never been taught before,
that lectures were unclear, disorganized, and the subject material was conveyed
ineffectively, and expectations for student work on exams and papers were unclear.
Suggestions for improvement include having more organized lectures utilizing
PowerPoint, including more practical applications for the subject matter, having more
TA involvement, and clarifying economic concepts that students have not yet learned.
Prospective students should know that while the class is interesting and rewarding, and
the readings are beneficial to learning the subject matter, the lectures are ineffective
and confusing so students must teach themselves a great deal of the material. Students
will also benefit from having a solid background in microeconomics.
AS.180.261.01
Monetary Analysis
Laurence Ball
Overall quality of this course: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the clear, organized, and informative lectures
that bring in real life examples, engaging in-class discussions, and the supplementary
textbook. Students felt that the lectures were redundant, that there was little feedback
on exams and problem sets, and the student presentations were ineffective.
Suggestions for improvement include providing more guidance on exam material such
as practice tests and problem set solutions and spending less time on student
presentations so that more time can be spend on in-depth course material. Prospective
students should know that this is a useful and important class to take for economics and
107
ECONOMICS
finance, as it provides students with a solid foundational knowledge of the financial
system.
AS.180.289.01
Economics of Health
David Bishai
Overall quality of this course: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the challenging and interesting course material,
the excellent, organized lecturer, and helpful readings. Students felt that the group blog
projects were ineffective and disorganized and did not relate to lectures. The exams
were difficult and too heavily weighted. Suggestions for improvement include having
more interactive lectures, and improving the blog assignments - either using different
group assignments, making them individual based, relating them to lecture, or
eliminating them in general. Prospective students should have some knowledge of basic
microeconomics and have strong analytical skills, and are recommended to complete
the readings and go to lectures.
AS.180.301.01-04
Microeconomic Theory
Edi Karni
Overall quality of this course: 3.51
Summary:
Best aspects of the course include the professor's clear and comprehensive lectures and
interesting material. Students felt that there were not enough problem sets, too little
feedback on student progress, the exams did not reflect material that was covered in
lectures or on the problem sets, and there were unclear expectations for the course.
Suggestions for improvement include having more problem sets and correlating lecture
materials and exams. Prospective students should know that while the course is useful,
exams are difficult and worth most of the final grade; it is important to have a strong
Calc III foundation for this course.
AS.180.303.01
The Global Finance Crisis
Olivier Jeanne
Overall quality of this course: 4.13
Summary:
108
ECONOMICS
The best aspects of the course include the knowledgeable and engaging professor and
the interesting subject matter. Students felt that the class presentations were difficult to
learn from, because the students presenting usually have a limited understanding of the
material. Suggestions for improvement include making the presentation process more
efficient, having more graded assignments, and assigning fewer suggested readings
while covering more of the ones that are assigned in class. Prospective students should
know that this is a great class with a light workload, and the material is very current and
relevant.
AS.180.310.01
Economics of Antitrust
Bruce Hamilton
Overall quality of this course: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the engaging professor who was passionate
about the material and who had the ability to bring in real life examples in a dynamic
and interesting way. Suggestions for improvement include providing a brief summary of
legal terms on the first day of class, and organizing a trip to D.C. to watch a live Supreme
Court case. Prospective students should know that the class is intellectually challenging
but very engaging, and they should be prepared to read a lot and participate in class.
AS.180.334.01-02
Econometrics
James Lake, Tiemen Woutersen
Overall quality of this course: 3.28
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the instructor's knowledge of the subject, the
helpful lecture slides, and the in-depth analysis of many important econometrics topics
and applications. Students felt that the course was poorly organized, the instructor's
teaching style was ineffective, and there was a lot of material covered for a class that
only meets once a week. Suggestions for improvement include having more
organization, having class more than once a week, and assigning shorter problem sets.
Prospective students should be prepared for challenging material and midterms and
assignments that focus heavily on certain aspects of the course but not others.
AS.180.355.01
Economics of Poverty and Inequality
Robert Moffitt
Overall quality of this course: 4.28
109
ECONOMICS
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the class discussions and insightful readings.
Students felt that lectures were not always engaging, there was a lack of structure, and
little feedback was given. Suggestions for improvement include incorporating more
problem sets and having a more interdisciplinary approach to the subject. Prospective
students should know that the course is useful and thought-provoking, and that keeping
up with the material is incredibly important.
AS.180.367.01
Investment and Portfolio Management
Jonathan Wright
Overall quality of this course: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the intellectual challenge and the thorough
exploration of a large amount of material. It also provided some practical tools that are
used in the real financial world. Students felt that the class time (Friday afternoons) and
duration were not conducive to learning, and that there was too much material
crammed into one midterm at the end of the class. Suggestions for improvement
include having the class split up into two sessions per week and moving the midterm to
an earlier date. Prospective students should be prepared to attend class and do the
homework, and will benefit from printing slides before lecture rather than using a
laptop.
AS.180.370.01
Financial Market Microstructure
Caroline Fohlin
Overall quality of this course: 3.6
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.180.371.01
Industrial Organization
Elena Krasnokutskaya
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.180.373.01
Corporate Restructuring
110
ECONOMICS
Hulya Eraslan
Overall quality of this course: 3.7
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the hands-on case studies, real life simulations,
and the lecturer's teaching effectiveness. Students felt that the course was disorganized
and there was a lack of problem sets and examples. Suggestions for improvement
include having more interactive lessons and providing more problem sets and assigned
readings. Prospective students should know that this class covers very current and
relevant information. A solid finance background will help students to participate in and
understand the discussions.
111
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.520.137.01-02
Introduction to Electrical and Computer Engineering
Trac Duy Tran
Overall quality of this course: 4.68
Summary:
Students though that the professor was very enthusiastic and approachable. The course was an
appropriate level of challenge and all of the basics of the field were covered. Comments
regarding the weakness of the course centered on the disorganization of the labs and the
sometimes broken lab materials. Suggestions for improvement included getting new lab
equipment, and offering a longer period to complete the labs. Prospective students should
know that office hours are very helpful, and unlike other intro engineering courses, there
actually is homework.
EN.520.211.02-03
ECE Engineering Team Project
Jin Kang
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
Summary:
Students felt that this course was an excellent way to get hands-on experience and that their
teamwork skills improved. Weaknesses of the course were the lack of grading structure, which
112
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
causes some students to not participate. Students suggested a larger budget for the projects.
Prospective students should be aware that the course is mostly independent learning and that
there are occasional meetings with the professor.
EN.520.213.01
Circuits
Howard Weinert, Jin Kang
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
Summary:
The best parts of this course were going over homework problems in class, and the policy that
the final is optional for students who have earned good grades on the midterms, which is
possible due to clear expectations. The weaknesses of the course were inconsistent grading,
and the lack of graded homework (the grade depends only on the exams). Suggestions for
improvement included clear objectives for recitation section meetings and requiring homework
to be turned in. Students interested in the course should be aware that it is necessary to do the
optional homework problems in order to really understand the material ­ practice makes
perfect.
EN.520.213.02
Circuits
Howard Weinert
Overall quality of this course: 4.37
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of this course was the professor's ability to explain difficult
concepts. He was methodical in setting up material to ensure a straightforward and focused
lecture with good clear examples. The worst aspect of the course was that homework problems
are not turned in for grades and the professor takes a long time to cover the homework
problems. Students also said the professor goes too fast at times. To improve the course,
students suggested releasing old exams to use as practice, grading the homework so there are
more opportunities for assessment, and a more effective TA session. Future students should do
all the home works and should have knowledge of differential equations.
113
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.219.01
Fields, Matter and Waves
Mark Foster
Overall quality of this course: 4.48
Summary:
Students agreed that the professor's teaching style was straightforward and effective. They also
found the material to be intellectually stimulating and very useful. Weaknesses of the course
were the lack of solutions given for problems, and the frequently difficult homework
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included posting solutions, and in general offering
more example and practice problems. Students interested in the course should make sure they
are comfortable with physics and multivariable calculus. Taking good notes during lecture is
also suggested.
EN.520.315.01
Introduction to Information Processing of Sensory Signals
Hynek Hermansky
Overall quality of this course: 4.42
Summary:
The material presented in the course was very interesting and cutting-edge. Students felt that
course as a whole, from homework assignments to progression of topics, was designed
effectively. However, there was an occasional disconnect between homework and exams. A
common suggestion for improvement was to provide some kind of outside resource(s) since
there was no textbook; students also suggested writing exams that are more similar to the
homework. Prospective students should know that the course assumes a background in signals
and systems. Grading was fair and the course was very interesting.
EN.520.345.01-03
ECE Laboratory
Amy Foster
Overall quality of this course: 4.44
Summary:
114
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Students felt that the laboratory portion of the class was interesting and very practical.
Sometimes the lab procedures were poorly worded and ambiguous, and frequently the labs
took longer than the allotted time. Suggestions for improvement included more individual
attention during the labs, perhaps by having additional supervisors present; and proofreading
the lab procedures more carefully. Students interested in the course should be aware that a
strong background in circuit analysis is necessary to do well in this course. There are lab reports
due weekly.
EN.520.349.01-02
Microprocessor Lab I
Robert Glaser
Overall quality of this course: 4.0
Summary:
The best parts of this class were the hands-on experience and the skills gained in programming.
Students felt that lectures were far too early in the morning and also disliked the consistently
high workload. Suggestions for improvement centered on changing the lecture time and making
the lectures more informative and concise. Students interested in the course should know that
the course is a lot of work at times, and that for non-ECE majors it was harder because the ECE
students had more appropriate background. There is flexibility with when to do the
assignments but it is suggested to start them well ahead of time.
EN.520.353.01
Control Systems
Danielle Tarraf
Overall quality of this course: 4.19
Summary:
Lectures were a good blend of theory and examples; the professor was effective at
communicating the material. Some students felt the professor did not behave professionally,
often arriving late to lectures, taking a long time to return grades, and posting assignments only
a couple of days before they were due, despite their length. Suggestions for improvement
included writing shorter exams or giving more time to complete them, and making the
homework load more manageable. Students interested in the course should be aware that the
class is very interesting with a professor who teaches effectively, and reviewing linear algebra
and signal processing before the course begins may be helpful.
115
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.401.01
Basic Communication
Frederic Davidson
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting material and the genuine passion of the
professor. Students felt that the second half of the textbook was confusing and poorly written.
Suggestions for improvement were focused on the difficulty of taking good notes during
lectures: either slow down lecture so students can keep up, or integrate the course online with
posted notes or slides. Prospective students should know that they will require use of their
prior knowledge of statistics, signals and systems.
EN.520.403.01
Introduction to Optical Instruments
Jacob Khurgin
Overall quality of this course: 4.0
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.520.410.01
Fiber Optics & Devices
Frederic Davidson
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.520.414.01
Image Processing & Analysis
John Goutsias
Overall quality of this course: 3.85
Summary:
116
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
The best aspects of the course were the easy-to-follow lectures and the progression of topics
from basic to more advanced, which also showed the historical development of the field.
Students felt that the grading and expectations were ambiguous at times. A common
suggestion for improvement was to focus more on application of theoretical techniques
learned, through MATLAB or possibly a project. Prospective students should know that the
course is easier than the 400-level listing would suggest, and no programming knowledge is
required.
EN.520.419.01
Iterative Algorithms
Gerard Meyer
Overall quality of this course: 3.91
Summary:
Students liked that the professor integrated lecture topics with insight to other relevant topics
to give some context for the theory. Comments on the weaknesses of the course centered on
the lack of communication between the professor and TA about correct solutions. The main
suggestion for improvement was less memorization. Prospective students should know that a
background in analysis (such as 110.405) would be very helpful in doing well in this course.
EN.520.424.01-02
FPGA Synthesis Lab
Robert Jenkins
Overall quality of this course: 4.36
Summary:
The best parts of the class were the hands-on approach and the amount of individual attention
from the professor and TA. The course's weaknesses were the vast amount of material covered
and the high workload. Suggestions for improvement include making the course worth more
credits, and having stricter deadlines for assignments, or more frequent due dates for parts of
assignments. Prospective students should know that as one of the hardest advanced labs, the
course is demanding but rewarding.
EN.520.427.01
Product Design Lab
Ralph Etienne-Cummings
117
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.520.432.01
Medical Imaging Systems
Jerry Prince
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
Summary:
Students felt there was an excellent correlation between the lectures and the textbook, and
that the topics were very intellectually stimulating. On the negative side, the material felt
rushed toward the end of the semester, and that the exams were too long to effectively
complete in the allotted time. Suggestions for improvement centered on shorter exams.
Prospective students should know that homework does not need to be handed in, but
completing it is suggested anyway.
EN.520.435.01
Digital Signal Processing
Howard Weinert
Overall quality of this course: 4.35
Summary:
Students felt that the professor was very gregarious and taught clearly and effectively. The
main weakness of the course was the structure of the MATLAB sections, which were very
confusing. Students suggest that more material be covered in the course overall, and that the
section meetings be revamped to have a specific and relevant purpose. Prospective students
should know that exam results are emphasized in the grade, and grading is not particularly
lenient. Students should pay attention to the math `tricks' used in lectures.
EN.520.445.01
Introduction to Speech and Audio Processing
Mounya Elhilali
Overall quality of this course: 4.86
118
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.520.447.01
Introduction to Information Theory and Coding
Damianos Karakos
Overall quality of this course: 3.8
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.520.452.02-03
Advanced ECE Engineering Team Project
Jin Kang
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.520.491.01
CAD Design of Digital VLSI Systems I (Seniors/Grads)
Ralph Etienne-Cummings
Overall quality of this course: 4.43
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.520.495.02, 04, 05
Microfabrication Lab
Andreas Andreou, Jeff Wang
Overall quality of this course: 4.17
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.520.515.01
119
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Processing of Audio and Visual Signals
Hynek Hermansky
Overall quality of this course: 4.4
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.520.646.01
Wavelets & Filter Banks
Trac Duy Tran
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.520.651.01
Random Signal Analysis
Sanjeev Khudanpur
Overall quality of this course: 4.76
Summary:
Students found the lectures to be very enthusiastic and interactive. The material was presented
in an intuitive way. Sometimes the homework could be excessively long, and there was a lot of
reading. Suggestions for improvement included solving more example problems during class
and shortening the homework assignments. Prospective students should know that a very
strong background in mathematics is suggested, and the class has a somewhat intense
workload.
EN.520.761.01
Large Scale Analog Compt
Andreas Andreou; Ralph Etienne-Cummings
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
This course had five or fewer comments.
120
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.662.611.01
Accounting and Finance
Annette Leps
Overall quality of this course: 4.82
Summary:
The strongest aspects of this course included the professor's teaching style and willingness to
help students. The class also liked that the course covered a wide variety of topics pertaining to
both accounting and finance and felt that they learned a great deal about each topic and that
the material had high real-world applications. There were no major weaknesses in the course,
but some students felt the class was a bit lengthy. A popular suggestion for improvement of this
course is to possibly break up the course into two sections to make it twice a week rather than
one long lecture which at times made it hard to focus. Future students should know that the
grading is fair and that having a background in accounting is not necessary.
EN.662.651.02
Marketing Communication and Strategy
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
Summary:
Some of the strongest aspects of this course included the case studies, presentations, and
simulations, which were useful in learning the concepts taught in class; the structure of in-class
discussions was also great. The students felt that a weak aspect of the course was that the
expectations for the weekly memos were not always clear. Some suggestion for improvement
121
ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT
of this course is to give more detailed feedback on memos and to include more guest speakers
in the course. Future students should know that there is a significant amount of reading and
weekly writing assignments for this course, but it is manageable. Students should also know
that this course requires a significant amount of group work.
122
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
ENGLISH
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.060.100.01
Intro Expository Writing
Patricia Kain
Overall quality of the course: 4.5
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include detailed instructions on academic essay writing and a
skilled, accessible instructor. There were few complaints about the class. Suggestions for
improvement included more individual conferences with the instructor. Prospective students
should be aware that the course is a good basis in writing academic essays. They are also
advised to take advantage of the individual student conferences, which help improve essay
quality.
AS.060.100.02-03
Intro Expository Writing
William Evans
Overall quality of this course: 4.7
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an extremely well structured curriculum, Tutorials
offered by the instructor, and personal feedback from the instructor. Some students felt that
there wasn't enough freedom in writing style, and felt they had to specifically tailor their work
too much to the instructor's specifications. They believed that these restrictions make their
writing less applicable to other types of papers and essays. Suggestions for improvement
included giving students more freedom in their writing style. Prospective students should know
123
ENGLISH
to closely follow the instructor's examples. The class is excellent for improving basic academic
writing.
AS.060.100.04-05
Intro Expository Writing
Anne-Elizabeth Brodsky
Overall quality of this course: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included individual attention from the instructor and clarity in
explanation of the process of academic essay writing. There were few complaints about the
class. Suggestions for improvement include a little more time allotted for the final essay.
Prospective students should be prepared for a transition from high school to college level
writing. The instructor sometimes grades harshly, but is very available for individual assistance.
AS.060.107.01-02
Introduction to Literary Study
Richard Halpern
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included interesting and well liked readings, thoughtful and
engaging class discussion, a knowledgeable instructor, and ample chance for individual student
participation. The workload was also a good amount for most students. Some students felt that
the grading was a little harsh and that the discussions occasionally got off topic. Suggestions for
improvement include more emphasis on fiction and more clarity on what is expected of
students on papers. Prospective students are advised to keep up with the reading and to be
aware of the tough grading system.
AS.060.113.01
Expository Writing
Anthony Wexler
Overall quality of this course: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include personal conferences with the instructor, thought-
provoking lectures and discussions, and clarity of expectations of the class. Some students felt
that the class was slightly disorganized and weren't always sure of what the instructor expected
of them. Suggestions for improvement include more effective use of time in class. Prospective
124
ENGLISH
students should know that the class is a well-taught, challenging, and helpful class for
improving writing skills.
AS.060.113.02
Expository Writing
Kara Wedekind
Overall quality of this course: 3.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included interesting topics to read and respond to and a small
class size that allowed for individual participation. Students felt that the class was very helpful
in understanding and practicing the structure of a college essay. Some students felt that the
format and style of the papers was too restrictive and the discussion was disorganized and
unhelpful. Suggestions for improvement include allowing more freedom in the writing style,
allowing more time for students to work on drafts of papers, and providing more detailed
feedback on student work. Prospective students should be prepared for a relatively heavy
workload.
AS.060.113.03
Expository Writing
Adam Maskevich
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were a knowledgeable and entertaining instructor, an
interesting emphasis on both history and writing technique, and engaging class discussions.
Some students felt that the reading was very difficult and complex. Suggestions for
improvement include giving students more time to complete essays and assigning less complex
readings. Prospective students should know that the course is challenging, but very effective in
learning writing skills and especially interesting for students interested in Middle Eastern
history.
AS.060.113.04
Expository Writing
Douglas Tye
Overall quality of this course: 4.47
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of this course were that the professor paid individual
attention to students, the rewarding group discussions, and the constructive feedback which
125
ENGLISH
helped to improve students' writing skills. Some students felt that the workload was especially
demanding. Suggestions for improvement included reading more full length novels to analyze,
and to spread out the paper due dates to allow for conferences in between them. Prospective
students are told to be prepared for a heavy workload, but to expect to become a more skilled
writer by the end of the course.
AS.060.113.05
Expository Writing
Jonathon Hricko
Overall quality of this course: 4.4
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the small class size, an engaging and relatable
instructor, and very helpful, constructive feedback on student work. Some students felt that the
grading was a little harsh and unclear. Students suggested that more guidance would be helpful
in example essay critique. Prospective students should know that the instructor is invested in
their learning experience. Students should be ready to put effort and time into their work.
AS.060.113.06
Expository Writing
Joseph Haley
Overall quality of this course: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included an informative instructor, in-depth workshops, and
helpful individual conferences. Students felt that their writing improved after the course. Some
students felt that more clarity was necessary from the instructor in lectures and assignments.
Some students believed that more class participation should be encouraged. Suggestions for
improvement include more in-depth analysis of fewer readings and more instructor feedback.
Prospective students should be prepared for a relatively heavy workload.
AS.060.113.07
Expository Writing
George Oppel
Overall quality of this course: 4.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a very well-received, interesting, and passionate
instructor, engaging class discussions, very interesting readings, and constructive individual
feedback on student work. Some students felt it was very difficult to get an A in the course.
126
ENGLISH
There were few suggestions for improvement of the class. Prospective students are encouraged
to take the class if they are looking for a challenging course to improve their writing skills. They
are also encouraged to approach the instructor for individual assistance, and to be prepared for
a relatively heavy and challenging course load.
AS.060.113.08
Expository Writing
Magdalena Vinter
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included extremely constructive feedback from the instructor,
interesting readings, and a small class size. Some students would have liked a little more focus
on formal sentence structure and grammar. Some students felt that the topics were a little dry
at times. Suggestions for improvement include creating more structure in terms of the lectures
and the syllabus. Prospective students should be prepared for a relatively heavy workload
including dense reading and long writing assignments.
AS.060.113.09
Expository Writing
Overall quality of this course: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the discussions and feedback given by the professor ­ they
were very helpful. Some students found the class a little boring at times and somewhat
confusing. Suggestions for improvement include clearer instructions and picking up the reading
pace. Future students should know that their writing will improve if you take advantage of the
conferences and make an effort to do your best.
AS.060.113.10
Expository Writing
George Oppel
Overall quality of this course: 4.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a very well-received, interesting, and passionate
instructor, engaging class discussions, very interesting readings, and constructive individual
feedback on student work. Some students felt it was very difficult to get an A in the course.
There were few suggestions for improvement of the class. Prospective students are encouraged
127
ENGLISH
to take the class if they are looking for a challenging course to improve their writing skills. They
are also encouraged to approach the instructor for individual assistance, and to be prepared for
a relatively heavy and challenging course load.
AS.060.113.11
Expository Writing
Dorothy Kwek
Overall quality of this course: 3.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an emphasis on improving analytical and organizational
skills in writing, interesting readings, and helpful instructor and peer feedback on writing. Some
students felt that the topics and course structure were confusing at times. Suggestions for
improvement include more in class discussion on the readings. Prospective students should be
prepared for challenging reading and writing and should have some interest in political science
or social studies topics or may find the readings uninteresting.
AS.060.113.12
Expository Writing
Sunil Vaswani
Overall quality of this course: 4.69
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a talented instructor, personal attention towards
students, the informative readings, and focus on improving writing skills. Some students felt
that the course was very time-consuming and graded harshly. Some students would have
preferred slightly more open essay topics and more in-class short writing assignments.
Prospective students are told that this course will greatly improve their writing skills but will
demand a lot of time and effort to succeed.
AS.060.113.13
Expository Writing
William Miller
Overall quality of this course: 4
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included engaging and humorous in-class discussion,
constructive feedback on student writing, and helpful workshops. Some students felt that
feedback from the instructor was slightly unclear and that sometimes not enough time was
allocated for each assignment. Suggestions for improvement include more in-depth discussion
128
ENGLISH
of books and to lessen the amount of Jane Austen novels in the syllabus. Prospective student
should know that the class has a demanding course load, and that the instructor expects
students to read the text very closely.
AS.060.113.14
Expository Writing
David Schley
Overall quality of this course: 4.2
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a focus on improving writing skills, one-on-one
conferences and feedback from the instructor, a small class size, and student workshops. Some
students felt that the in class discussions got repetitive and dry. Suggestions for improvement
included assigning fewer papers so as to have more time to devote to each, and having a more
discussion-based class. Prospective students should enjoy the topic, and they should be
prepared for a lot of writing.
AS.060.113.15
Expository Writing
Marie O'Connor
Overall quality of this course: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the small class size, individual attention to help improve
writing skills, and extensive feedback from the instructor. Many students greatly enjoyed the
topic of fairy tales. Some students felt that the instructor did not give adequate feedback on the
rough drafts. Some students felt that the class was slightly rushed. Suggestions for
improvement included providing more feedback on the rough drafts as opposed to the final
paper and more encouragement for group discussion. Some students would have preferred a
more organized syllabus that allowed for more time in between papers. Prospective students
should be prepared for a relatively heavy workload and to greatly improve their writing skills.
AS.060.113.16
Expository Writing
John Matsui
Overall quality of this course: 3.8
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were engaging class discussions, the interesting readings, and
the focus on developing college level writing skills. Some students felt that there was
129
ENGLISH
inadequate feedback from the instructor on rough drafts and that the class would sometimes
dwell too long on a single topic. Suggestions for improvement include giving more individual
comments on student papers, more instruction towards formal writing skills, and a wider
variety of readings to focus on. Prospective students should be prepared to revise their papers
many times and keep up with the workload.
AS.060.113.17
Expository Writing
Benjamin Parris
Overall quality of this course: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were general improvement of college writing skills, a
knowledgeable instructor, and interesting course material. Some students felt that the grading
was particularly harsh. Suggestions for improvement included offering additional office hours
and time to meet with the instructor individually. Prospective students should be prepared for
a challenging and time-consuming writing course that will improve their college writing skills.
They should also be prepared to read closely in order to understand the course material.
AS.060.113.18
Expository Writing
Elizabeth Brogden
Overall quality of this course: 3.64
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a helpful instructor who offered personal feedback, the
chance to develop analytic and effective writing skills, and the selection of short stories on the
syllabus. Some students felt that there were too many writing assignments assigned, and that
the grading was particularly harsh. Suggestions for improvement included allotting more time
on formal writing skills over class discussion. Prospective students are told that the class
requires a large time commitment to writing and reading.
AS.060.113.19
Expository Writing
Christopher Westcott
Overall quality of this course: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included an enthusiastic and engaging instructor, one-on-one
conferences with the instructor, and thought provoking in class discussions. Some students felt
130
ENGLISH
that some of the readings were slightly dry, the grading was slightly harsh, and that the class
wasn't structured very well. Suggestions for improvement included eliminating the necessary
blog post assignments and broadening the scope of topics on which to write about. Prospective
students should be aware that it is a challenging course structured to improve their writing
skills, and that the grading is especially harsh towards the beginning of the semester.
AS.060.113.20
Expository Writing
Rebecca Buckham
Overall quality of this course: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the amount of information students learned about the
topic as well as the focus on writing skills, thorough feedback from the instructor, engaging in
class discussion, and student workshops. Some students felt that there was not enough time
allotted in between essays in order to revise. Suggestions for improvement included having a
more structured syllabus that allows for more time for students to revise and turn in essays.
Prospective students are told that the class involves a relatively heavy workload and that this
class is particularly enjoyable for students interested in Shakespeare.
AS.060.113.21
Expository Writing
Erica Tempesta
Overall quality of this course: 4
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included personal feedback from the instructor and detailed
instruction on how to present an academic argument. Some students felt that their papers
were not handed back in adequate time for them to use the feedback before handing in their
next essay. Some students felt the in-class discussions could be improved. Other suggestions for
improvement include more freedom and flexibility on paper topics and more clearly laid out
expectations for students' writing. Prospective students should be prepared for a challenging
class with a relatively high workload that will greatly improve their college-level writing skills.
AS.060.118.01
Asian American Literature and Film
Rani Neutill
Overall quality of this course: 4.53
Summary:
131
ENGLISH
The best aspects of this course included a very approachable, interesting, and knowledgeable
instructor, encouragement for deep analysis of the topic, interactive discussion in class, and
interesting readings. Some students felt that there was too much reading and that the
instructor's expectations were occasionally unclear. Suggestions for improvement include more
in-class film screenings, especially more modern films. Prospective students should be prepared
to keep up with a large amount of reading.
AS.060.125.01
Nineteenth-Century American Experimental Writing
Sharon Cameron
Overall quality of this course: 4.8
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an extremely passionate, knowledgeable, and talented
instructor, a small class size, and good in-class discussions. Some students felt that the
expectations and workload for the class were a little high considering its level. Some students
would have preferred fewer quizzes. Suggestions for improvement include having the class
meet twice a week rather that once a week, as the single class period was occasionally too long
to hold focus. Prospective students should be aware of the instructor's high expectations and
quizzes and responses every week. If students apply themselves they will be greatly rewarded
by the instructor's passionate lectures and their own improvement in writing.
AS.060.131.01
Law and Literature
Marie O'Connor
Overall quality of this course: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an articulate and approachable instructor, valuable in-
class discussions with a small class, and well chosen readings. Some students felt that the
instructor spoke a little too much during in class discussions and that the reading was
occasionally too much. Suggestions for improvement included more organized, student-led in-
class discussion. Prospective students should be prepared for a lot of reading and writing. The
grading is fair and class participation is crucial.
AS.060.146.01
Detective Fiction
Jesse Rosenthal
Overall quality of this course: 4.19
132
ENGLISH
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting and engaging readings, a knowledgeable
instructor, and excellent lectures and discussions in class. Some students felt that there wasn't
adequate time to fully discuss certain books and some students would have liked a little more
feedback from the instructor. Suggestions for improvement include faster turnaround time for
returning graded essays. Prospective students should be aware that the class involves a lot of
reading, but it is very interesting.
AS.060.154.01
Zombies
Jared Hickman
Overall quality of this course: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an engaging, interesting instructor, in-class discussions
that were lively, fun, and informative, and a good selection of readings and films. Students also
greatly appreciated the instructor's ability to relate zombies to important societal issues. Some
students felt that the class was a little too directed towards writing and English students for a
lower level class. A suggestion for improvement was to lessen the amount of reading slightly so
as to focus on individual readings more intensely. Prospective students are told that the class is
an extremely enjoyable experience but also to work hard to finish readings and essays.
AS.060.211.01-04
British Literature I
Andrew Daniel
Overall quality of this course: 4.59
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the extremely interesting and informative lectures by the
instructor on materials that may sometimes be perceived as dry. Some students felt that TA's
graded very harshly. Some students felt that the instructor had to move too quickly during
lecture in order to cover all topics in the syllabus. Suggestions for improvement include more
correspondence between the professor and the TA in the case of grading and more
standardization of sections. Prospective students should be aware that there is a lot of material
covered in the class and that it is important to attend lectures.
AS.060.217.01-04
American Literature since World War II
Christopher Nealon
Overall quality of this course: 4.16
133
ENGLISH
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the choice of texts, the instructor's lectures and
teaching style, and the discussions in section. Some students felt that the lectures were not as
helpful because of their specific focus when the topics of the readings were more general.
Suggestions for improvement included more review sessions, better student participation, and
eliminating a final exam in addition to the papers throughout the class. Prospective students
should be prepared for a lot of interesting reading--usually one book per week.
AS.060.280.01
The Modernist Novel and the Question of Culture
Robert Day
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the selection of books chosen, the historical and
background information provided about the books, an insightful and knowledgeable instructor,
and discussions that were engaging and helpful in understanding the material. Some students
felt like there was slightly too much reading and that the class was too early (9 AM).
Suggestions for improvement included allotting slightly more time to read novels. Prospective
students are told to be prepared to read complex and diverse selections and to offer their
opinions during class discussion.
AS.060.281.01
Criminal Characters: Law and Order in the Early Novel
Stephanie Hershinow
Overall quality of this course: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the availability and helpfulness of the instructor, the
personal feedback on students' work, the variety of reading materials, and the unique approach
to said reading materials. Some students felt the expectation of the semi-weekly response
papers were not clearly laid out and that the course's structure could've been more organized.
Suggestions for improvement include organizing the course so as to allow equal time for the
different readings. Prospective students are told that the class, though it has a relatively heavy
workload, is very interesting and beneficial course to take. They should make sure to read
closely, and they should be prepared to participate in discussion.
AS.060.282.01
Moral Philosophy and the Novel in Nineteenth-Century England
Patrick Fessenbecker
134
ENGLISH
Overall quality of this course: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the in-class discussions, the interesting course topic,
and interesting writing assignments that required students' deep thought and analyzing. Some
students felt that basic questions were discouraged, making it sometimes difficult to
understand the concepts of the reading. Some also felt that the workload was very heavy.
Suggestions for improvement include a better basic explanation of the philosophical concepts
involved in the novels. Prospective students should be prepared to read about 300 pages a
week as well as a response paper. Students will be challenged to think and evaluate concepts in
readings, and it is a rewarding class.
AS.060.290.01
Literary Theory
Frances Ferguson
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the wide range of readings covered during the class. There
were few complaints about the class. Suggestions for improvement included some basic review
of the ideas and theories in the essays. Prospective students should be interested in thinking
critically and literary theory on the track in preparation for graduate school.
AS.060.307.01
Training\Writing\Consulting
Jason Hoppe
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size and the opportunity to develop
one's own personal writing process. Some students felt that there was a lot of work for only a 1
credit class. Suggestions for improvement included more training hours over writing time.
Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy workload and should also know that it is
very helpful to work at the Writing Center.
AS.060.346.01
Major British Authors: George Eliot
Amanda Anderson
Overall quality of this course: 5
135
ENGLISH
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included engaging in class discussions, a very knowledgeable
and encouraging instructor, a well structured syllabus, and clear and informative lectures. Some
students felt it was occasionally difficult to keep up with the reading. Suggestions for
improvement include slightly less reading so as to focus more deeply on discussion in class.
Prospective students should be prepared to keep up with a lot of reading.
AS.060.360.01
Jane Austen
Jesse Rosenthal
Overall quality of this course: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the opportunity to read all of Austen's works, the
engaging in-class discussions, and a knowledgeable and respectable instructor. Some students
felt that the weekly writing responses were not that helpful and that feedback on their work
was not very prompt. Suggestions for improvement included substituting some writing
responses with quizzes. Prospective students should be prepared to do a lot of reading. A
background in Jane Austen is helpful in the course.
AS.060.367.01
Emerson, Thoreau, and Poe
Sharon Cameron
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included an insightful and engaging instructor, stimulating small
group discussions, and an intellectual challenge to read texts closely. Some students felt that
the instructor's expectations for essays were unclear and that the feedback was not as helpful
as it could have been. A suggestion for improvement included more detailed feedback on work.
Prospective students should be aware that the instructor has high expectations for students.
The course involves a lot of dense reading and preparation for class.
AS.060.371.01
Major American Authors
Eric Sundquist
Overall quality of this course: 4.69
Summary:
136
ENGLISH
The best aspects of the course included a professor who was engaging, interesting, insightful,
encouraging, and knowledgeable. Students found the class discussions fascinating and in-
depth. The worst aspect of the course was the fast pace, heavy reading workload (one book a
week), and the difficult reading. To improve the course, students suggested smaller
assignments, a lighter workload, and distributing the reading more evenly throughout the
semester. Future students should know that the grading is fair and that there is a lot of reading
that is focused on a single author.
AS.060.402.01
The Literature of Atlantic Revolution
Jared Hickman
Overall quality of this course: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.408.01
Rising and Falling in Marlowe and Jonson
Andrew Daniel
Overall quality of this course: 4.92
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting, engaging, and knowledgeable
professor. His was adept at facilitating discussions and providing constructive feedback. Some
students said they would have liked more background information, as well as more feedback on
essays. Future student should know that the course requires a lot of reading, some of which is
dense.
137
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.660.105.01-06
Introduction to Business
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of this course: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a professor whose teaching style was both
entertaining and inspiring. The course itself was interesting, and the topics taught were
thought to be relevant and useful. Some students felt that the workload was too heavy.
A large amount of students felt that the tests did not adequately measure their
knowledge of the material, and too much focus was placed on their ability to construct a
`cheat sheet'. Suggestions for improvement included formatting tests so as not to
require the cheat sheet. Future students should be aware that there is a lot of work, but
if one puts in a fair amount of effort, it is possible to learn a lot.
EN.660.203.01
Financial Accounting
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of this course: 4.42
Summary:
Most students felt the best aspects of the course included homework that was both
helpful and applicable, and a lecturer who was personable and fair. Some students felt
that the homework was assigned too frequently. Suggestions for improving the course
138
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
included going through more solutions of problems during the class, and reducing the
number of midterms. Future students should be prepared to put in the necessary work
and are encouraged to keep up with the assignments and studying, rather than simply
cramming on nights before exams.
EN.660.203.02
Financial Accounting
Annette Leps
Overall quality of this course: 4.69
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspect of this course included a professor whose teaching
style consisted of working through problems in class, which was thought to significantly
help students understand and grasp the material. Students felt that the weakest aspect
of the course was the frequency of quizzes and exams; there were too many
assessments. Students suggested that the course could be improved by allowing
students to keep their exams, and that grading homework assignments and returning
them to students would be helpful. Future students should know that attending class
greatly helps your ability to understand the material and absences should not be taken
lightly.
EN.660.203.03
Financial Accounting
Jack Powell
Overall quality of this course: 4.04
Summary:
Many students felt the best aspect of the course was the professor's tendency to clearly
list and explain his expectations. Although some students felt that meeting once per
week provided ample time to study the material, many felt that because the class does
not meet very often, a large amount of material is presented at once. This tended to
makes class feel rather long and boring. Suggestions for improvement included
increasing student participation. Future students should be aware that the course
material does progressively get more complex and are encouraged to do a lot of
practice problems outside of class.
EN.660.250.01
Principles of Marketing
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of this course: 4.30
139
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
Summary:
The best aspect of the course included the professor's ability to present in-class
examples, case studies, and conceptual videos in manners that kept students engaged
and interested. Students were assigned a quiz every class, which some students found
excessive and unnecessary, while others found to be motivating and helpful in keeping
the class on task. Suggestions for improvement included updating the class material to
reflect more current events. Some students found the videos for example, to be a little
out of date, though still relevant. Future students should know that if one wishes to do
well in the class, he or she must be willing to put in the time and complete the readings
from the textbook assigned each class period.
EN.660.250.02
Principles of Marketing
Marci DeVries
Overall quality of this course: 3.17
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of this course included the several group
assignments, which were thought to make the class environment more comfortable and
facilitated learning. Many students felt that the professor's expectations were not well
specified throughout the course and this then led to discrepancies between instructor
and students. Suggestions for improvement included more clarification on what is
expected from each student on each assignment before the assignment is due in
addition to the creation of a more reliable syllabus presented at the start of the course.
Future students should be aware that this course requires a lot of reading and tests and
quizzes can at times, be rather specific in nature.
EN.660.250.03
Principles of Marketing
Theresa Jones
Overall quality of this course: 3.69
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included weekly quizzes, which helped students keep up
with the readings and learn the material. Some felt that because the class only met once
per week, each meeting required students to study a large amount of information from
the textbook, which was both cumbersome and unreasonable. Suggestions for
improvement include augmenting the testing methods of the course; perhaps changing
the format of the quizzes from multiple choice to free response for example. Future
students are encouraged to keep up with the assigned readings from the textbook. They
should be willing to put in the necessary time before each class to prepare for the
weekly quizzes.
140
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
EN.660.250.04
Principles of Marketing
Cheryl Williams
Overall quality of this course: 3.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included material which was both interesting and
practical and the use of multi-media sources which added variety to the lectures.
Some students found the instructor to be somewhat unprepared for classes and felt
that this often led to a waste in class time. Others commented on the lack of clarity in
the expectations for each assignment. Suggestions for improvement included making
directions for assignments more clear and explicit, as to alleviate disagreements in
grading later in the course. Future students should note that retaining information read
from the textbook is very important if one wishes to do well on the weekly quizzes, as
they are often very specific in nature.
EN.660.300.01
Managerial Finance
Jack Powell
Overall quality of this course: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor whose enjoyment of the subject
being taught and enthusiasm directly aided students' understanding of the material and
interest in the class. Although some felt there were not enough assigned problems
working primarily with Excel, most were extremely pleased with the course and thus
could not suggest improvements. Future students should be aware that while
homework is optional, completing it greatly influences one's success on tests and
quizzes.
EN.660.304.01
Financial Statement Analysis
Annette Leps
Overall quality of this course: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a professor who seemed to genuinely care
about the welling being of the students Class material was thought to be applicable and
relevant and provided a robust introduction to the analysis of financial statements.
Some noted that the work compounded as the course progressed and the weighting of
141
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
assignments was disproportioned. Suggestions for improvement included developing a
follow up class, taught by the same instructor, which would go into more depth.
Future student are advised to take financial accounting first, as that class will help
develop a sound foundation with which to build upon.
EN.660.308.01
Business Law I
David Fisher
Overall quality of this course: 4.06
Summary:
Student agreed that the best aspect of this course was a professor who utilized a good
approach to learning the material and actually listened to student feedback throughout
the semester. Despite the fact that, according to some, the class meetings often
dragged on, most agreed that the class was well planned and interesting. A suggestion
for improvement includes a change in the professor's teaching style. Some felt that the
instructor should forgo going over the agenda at the beginning of each class, and simply
jump directly into the material. This would avoid wasting time. Future students should
be aware that the course assumes no background in law and is a good introduction to
the subject.
EN.660.308.02
Business Law I
Mark Franceschini
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included interesting and engaging lectures, which
covered a wide scope of material. Although some students felt that the three hour long
class each week was unnecessary, many others seemed to want more. More homework,
practice questions and group assignments would help students gain a better
understanding of the concepts taught during lecture. Future students are encouraged to
attend class and take notes, as both will significantly help when preparing for and taking
the midterm exams.
EN.660.310.01
Case Studies in Business Ethics
Douglas Sandhaus
Overall quality of this course: 4.21
Summary:
142
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
Students unanimously agreed that the best aspect of this course was the professor's
teaching style, which utilized unique and often fun exercises. These exercises helped to
get students involved and kept everyone engaged. Many students felt there was a lack
of feedback on graded assignments, and as such, suggested that more thorough and
timely feedback, especially on the case studies, which significantly help student succeed
in the class. Future students should be aware that participation matters, and is the key
to receiving a high mark in the class. That being said, most students recommended
taking this course, as it was straightforward, entertaining and informative.
EN.660.311.01
Law and the Internet
Mark Franceschini
Overall quality of this course: 3.62
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the use real life examples. The instructor would
often discuss recent case studies which students found both interesting and
entertaining. Some students felt that the numerous class cancellations on the
professor's behalf interrupted the flow of the class. They too felt that the lack of
feedback after assignments and exams prevented them from determining where they
stood in comparison to others. Suggestions for improvement included restructuring the
class as to provide students with more regular feedback and increasingly the availability
of the teaching assistant. Future students should be prepared to participate in class
regularly and be aware that this is an intellectually challenging class.
EN.660.332.01-02
Leadership Theory
William Smedick
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspect of this course included an instructor who was
genuinely invested in the wellbeing of the students. Not only did he take suggestions
halfway through the semester and subsequently change the structure of the class to
suite the student's needs, but he also interspersed personal stories during the lectures,
which made the material feel more accessible and varied. Although students felt that
the weekly papers became somewhat redundant by the end of the course, they did
agree that they were necessary in learning the material. A suggestion for improvement
included a change in the grading system in which would drop the lowest grade of the
weekly assignments. Future students are encouraged to register for the class because
the material can be applied to many areas of life.
143
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
EN.660.333.01
Leading Change
Eric Rice
Overall quality of this course: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included class discussions that were engaging and helped
students to better understand the material. Some students felt the instructor was often
disorganized. As a result, suggestions for improvement include restructuring the course
syllabus to focus on business themes and issues. This would help to maintain order and
keep the class on track. Future students are told that the class readings can be useful
outside of the classroom and thus should not read halfheartedly.
EN.660.335.01
Negotiation/Conflict
Eric Rice
Overall quality of this course: 4.46
Summary:
Students unanimously agreed that the best aspect of the course included the structure
of the class, which consisted of weekly class negotiations. These forced students to
"learn by doing" and made students interact with their peers. Some students felt that
the lack of prompt and sufficient feedback prevented them from learning from their
past mistakes on consecutive assignments. Thus, suggestions included encouraging the
instructor to provide instant feedback and a form of constructive criticism after each
negotiation. Future students should be aware that this class is based upon an active
learning philosophy. Students should know that each class requires a considerable
amount of preparation and once at class, each student must participate.
EN.660.340.01
Principles of Management
Donna Crane
Overall quality of this course: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who students felt was both
approachable and knowledgeable. Assignments helped to replicate what would be
expected of in the business world and as a result were engaging, yet thorough. Many
students commented on the heavy workload and disapproved of the use of the
textbook. Suggestions for improvement included supplementing course readings with
more current case studies. This would help maintain interest throughout the duration of
144
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
the course. Students should be aware that although this class involved more work than
other E&M classes, one is rewarded with invaluable information regarding management
and its role in the business world.
EN.660.341.01
Business Process
Joshua Reiter
Overall quality of this course: 4.55
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspect of this course included an engaging professor who
consistently gave thorough and useful feedback. Some students felt that the slides used
during lectures were outdated, and suggest that in the future, perhaps the class could
analyze real business processes. Future students should be aware that attendance is
mandatory and students are expected to complete a substantial case analysis each
week.
EN.660.355.01
Sports Marketing
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of this course: 4.41
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the inclusion of several guest speakers, each of
which had something unique to offer and gave great insight into a career in sports
marketing. Student also appreciated the instructor's preparedness. Almost all the
students found the textbook to be quite repetitive and frankly boring, and thus strongly
suggest the use of more case studies and hands on projects in the future. Student
interested in taking this class should be aware that it is structured very similarly to that
of Principles of Marketing, and it will significantly help if you are passionate about sports
or sports marketing.
EN.660.358.01
International Marketing
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of this course: 4.16
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the use of several case studies which helped,
bring the text to life. Well-structured class periods and guest lecturers helped
contextualize the material learned in class. Student found that the weekly quizzes do
145
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
not often have to do with what is being discussed in class and as a result seem almost
unnecessary. As a result, a suggestion for improvement includes enhancing the class
period with a discussion of the text. This would both help students learn the material
and validate the quizzes. Future students should be aware that although there is no final
exam, there is a lengthy and in-depth group presentation assigned at the end of the
class.
EN.660.404.01
Business Law II
David Fisher
Overall quality of this course: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who is experienced in the field of
business law. Some students found that class time was often wasted as the instructor
would easily get sidetracked. Suggestions for improvement, as a result, included
developing a set schedule to ensure that all of the topics actually get covered by the
close of the semester. This course is recommended for students wishing to further their
legal education.
EN.660.460.01
Entrepreneurship
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of this course: 4.59
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who teaches practical information
in an engaging way. Students walked away with important lessons that can be applied
both in and out of the business world. The heavy amount of reading and case studies
often made the students feel like they were simply doing busy work. As a result, several
students suggested decreasing the amount of assignments given to the student, while
making those that are retained more thorough and challenging. Future students are
encouraged to take this class regardless of whether or not they see themselves as future
entrepreneurs. The class teaches invaluable lessons and is useful for anybody willing to
put in the necessary time.
EN.660.461.01-02
Engineering Business and Management
Illysa Izenberg
Overall quality of this course: 4.20
146
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included class discussions, which were found to promote
a sharing of ideas not present in other engineering courses. The delivery of material is
effective and the variety of learning avenues helped maintain interest and promote
learning. Some found that the lack of order or routine, including when assignments
were due, was annoying and could have easily been rectified if a schedule had been
developed prior to the start of class. Suggestions for improvement include allowing
students to select their own learning groups, or forcing them to swap groups midway
through the semester. Many got bored working with the same peers all semester long.
Future students are told that the class will illustrate how teams function within
corporations, and will teach how to analyze and find solutions to problems within a
business context. This course is required and designed for Mechanical Engineering
students.
147
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating Overall quality of the course. Responses for this
question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.061.140.01
Introduction to Cinema, 1892-1941
Meredith Ward
Overall quality of this course is 4.55
The student's thoroughly enjoyed the professor. They said she was approachable,
professional, and passionate about the subject matter; however, they stated that there
are late night screenings and that there is a large time commitment. Some students said
that no changes needed to be made to the class. Other students would like to see more
structure in the class, as well as more opportunities to write critically about film. Future
students should know that they should be ready to participate in the discussions, that
this class requires a large time commitment, and that there is a lot of required reading.
AS.061.145.01
Introduction to Visual Language
Karen Yasinsky
Overall quality of this class: 4.75
The best aspect of the course was the amount and quality of feedback received on
student's work. They enjoyed the hands-on nature of the course as well as the film
148
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
selection. Most students thought there wasn't anything wrong with the course;
however, some thought the reading should have been incorporated into the class and
that the activities could be very time consuming. The class needs to have more time for
certain projects ­ most students felt that a lot of opportunities were cut short due to
time constraints. Future students should know that this is a great class and that they will
have to submit their own films made in class.
AS.061.150.01
Introduction to Film Production
John Mann
Overall quality of this class: 4.44
The best aspect of this course was that it has an outstanding professor who gives
students a lot of freedom. Most students felt that it had no bad aspects to it. Students
wished that they had more class time to complete certain projects. Future students
should know that this is a fun class.
AS.061.160.01
Lights, Camera, Action: Hollywood Film
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of this class: 4.40
The best aspect of this course was the ability to watch a wide variety of movies and
enjoy discussing them together. The class makes you look at movies in a way you may
not have considered in the past. The worst aspect of the course was that it met four
times a semester, which made each class very long. Most students said more class time
and fewer students would have improved the course. Future students should know that
this is a fun course with easy readings that make discussion enjoyable.
AS.061.225.01
Special Topics: Introduction to Animation
Karen Yasinsky
Overall quality of this class: 4.6
This class had five or fewer comments.
AS.061.314.01
Screenwriting: Introduction to Scene
Matthew Porterfield
149
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
Overall quality of this class: 4.43
The best aspects of the course were the challenging screenings and writings that
improved the student's abilities. The worst aspect of the class was the lack of time -
students felt the teacher rushed through the course work. Most students stated that
more critiques, writing, and screenplay examples would help with the overall experience
of the class. Future students should know that this is a serious class. They should only
enroll if they are interested in film.
AS.061.328.01
Gangster Films
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of this class: 4.36
The best aspect of this course was the interesting, engaging, and informative lectures on
the great selection of reviewed films. The professor, who is very dedicated to her
students, provides extensive, helpful, and thoughtful feedback. The worst aspect of the
course was that the screenings were at inconvenient times. Students were happy with
the course and felt that nothing needed to be changed. Future students should have a
love of film before taking this course. It has a large course load which requires you to
think critically and analytically.
AS.061.358.01
Directing Actors
Matthew Porterfield
Overall quality of this class: 4.62
The best aspect of this course was the inspiring, passionate, and knowledgeable
professor. Since he has recent experience as a successful director, he had many
influential and crucial insights to directing actors. Some students were happy with the
course and felt that there were no bad aspects to it; however, others felt that more
organization and more professor-student interaction was needed to make the course
more effective. Future students should know that this is a great class with a great
professor.
AS.061.362.01
American and European Experimental Film
John Mann
Overall quality of this class: 4.64
150
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
The best aspect of this course was the professor and his discussions. The worst aspect of
the course was the limited amount of time. Most students felt that they were cut short
on needed information due to time constraints. More films, more reading, and more
guest experimental filmmakers would improve this class. Future students are
recommended to have an open mind.
AS.061.370.01
Theorizing Popular Culture
Meredith Ward
Overall quality of this class: 4.73
The best aspect of this course was the professor's lectures. The worst aspect of this
course was the amount of personal stories shared with the class. The stories had
nothing to do with the actual course and wasted class time; however, other students
were happy with the course and felt that not much was needed for improvement.
Future students must be ready to participate in this tough yet insightful class.
AS.061.371.01
Unrealities: The Fantastic in Film and Fiction
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of this class: 4.5
The best aspect of this class was the reading selection. They were very insightful and a
great help to the class. Some students stated that some films were not very interesting
and that there was a lack of clarity to the assignments. Students felt that an increase in
the number of films would be a great addition to the class. Future students should be
prepared to stay organized and do the course work on time.
151
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
GENERAL ENGINEERING
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.500.101.01
What is Engineering?
Michael Karweit
Overall quality of this course: 3.03
Summary:
Students enjoyed that the course provided an overview of all different types of
engineering. Some students often found the labs to be interesting, but found the
lectures to be fairly boring and disorganized. Suggestions for improvement included
structuring the class differently. Many suggested that the class should focus on one type
or field of engineering offered at the university per week. This would help them better
understand what exactly it is that those type of engineers do, and thus would be better
able to decide on a major. Future students should be aware that although students felt
the class was informative, they too felt there were better classes to take as an
undecided engineer.
EN.500.200.01-02
Computing for Engineering & Science
Michael Karweit
Overall quality of this course: 3.74
Summary:
Student felt the best aspect of this course was the way and manner in which they were
introduced to programming in MATLAB. They felt many of the problems and material
152
GENERAL ENGINEERING
taught were applicable to real world problems and were easily able to see the
correlation between homework and lecture material. This being said, some students felt
that the exams did not successfully test ones knowledge or ability to code with MATLAB.
Students unanimously believed that more MATLAB should be taught, and they even
requested additionally assignments in order to better learn and master the skills taught.
Future students should be aware that while no previous programming experience is
necessary, it will certainly help on assignments and exams. This course acts as an
introductory class to MATLAB but will not teach everything one needs to know.
EN.500.401.01
Research Laboratory Safety
Daniel Kuespert
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.500.602.01
Seminar: Environment and Applied Fluid Mechanics
Charles Meneveau
Overall quality of this course: 4.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.500.745.01
Seminar in Computational Sensing and Robotics
Louis Whitcomb, Peter Kazanzides, Ralph Etienne Cummings, Rene Vidal
Overall quality of this course: 4.26
Summary:
Students enjoyed listening to the researchers from various universities and generally
found the lectures interesting. This being said, a few students would have liked to see a
greater variety of guest speakers and were sometimes disappointed in the effectiveness
of the presenters. Students found the meeting time inconvenient as it routinely fell
during lunch. They would have liked to seen food or snacks offered during the seminar.
Future students should know that this class in meant to enhance one's background in
many different research areas, and PhD students are encouraged to attend.
153
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.570.108.01
Intro to Environmental Engineering
Hedy Alavi
Overall quality of this course: 4.02
The best aspects of this course were the extra credit field trips and a knowledgeable and
enthusiastic professor who was very involved with his students. The worst aspect of the
course was the professor's lectures. They were slow, unfocused, and had a surplus of
unneeded information. Students said that having a more interactive lecture and a varied
class structure would improve the class. Future students are recommended to go to all
class, pay close attention to the professor's instructions, and do the homework.
EN.570.205.01
Ecology
Grace Bush
Overall quality of this course: 3.41
The best aspects of this course included great hands-on field trips, fair exam structure,
and an instructor who was approachable, interesting, and personable. The worst aspect
of this course was the often hard-to-hear and sometimes unfocused lectures that were
hard to get through. The lectures were hard to understand and take notes on. Students
said that more organized lectures would improve the course along with a microphone so
the instructor could be heard. Future students should pay close attention in class and
take good detailed notes.
154
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
EN.570.301.01
Environmental Engineering Fundamentals I
Kai Loon Chen
Overall quality of this course: 4.08
The best aspect of this course was how detailed and organized the professor's lectures
and notes were. The professor clearly stated what a student was expected to know for
the exams. The worst aspect of this course was that it could get boring at times. The
lectures came right out of the textbook, which made class uninteresting. Students said
they would like to have a syllabus for grading procedures - it would prevent the loss of
points on graded homework if they knew what was expected of them. Future students
should not miss a lecture since attendance is important.
EN.570.305.01
Environmental Engineering Systems Design
Joseph Ellis
Overall quality of this course: 4.82
The best aspect of this course is the professor. He is an exceptional teacher who is nice
and caring. He is invested in the success of each student and provides a comfortable
environment which his conducive to learning. The worst aspect of this class is that it is
fast paced. This makes the concepts difficult to grasp for some students. Students said
that having more opportunities for practice and feedback would improve the course.
Future students should know that this class has a lot of work but has a great professor
to get you through it.
EN.570.320.01
Topics on Appropriate and Sustainable Technology for Developing Communities
William Ball
Overall quality of this course: 3.86
The best aspects of this course were the varied and interesting guest speakers. The
worst aspect was that the course was a little disorganized. The syllabus underwent five
or six hefty revisions, which made it difficult for students. Students said that having a
more organized syllabus and having timely feedback would improve this class greatly.
Future students should know that this is an interesting class with a large workload.
EN.570.334.01
Engineering Microeconomics
Benjamin Hobbs
155
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of this course: 3.29
The best aspect of this course included a professor who was passionate, knowledgeable,
and experienced. The lecture topics were interesting and the exams were fair. This
helped keep students attentive and focused. The worst aspects of this course were the
unclear homework assignments and lectures. Class was often hard to follow making it
hard to take notes. Students said that better structure to lectures, clearer more
organized notes and a defined correlation between lectures and textbook chapters
would improve the course. Future students should attend class because it is fast paced
and very demanding.
EN.570.351.01
Intro to Fluid Mechanics
Peter Whitlock
Overall quality of this course 3.54
The best aspect of this course was the TA Brendan. He was very helpful and willing to
work through concepts and problems. The worst aspect of this course was the
professor's lectures. Students say that changing the professor's lecture style would
improve the class. Future students should know to read the text and do the homework
because this is a tough class.
EN.570.353.01
Hydrology
Markus Hilpert
Overall quality of this course: 3.29
The best aspects of this course were the professor and the well-organized syllabus. The
worst aspects of this course were the lectures that were not very engaging. Students
had a hard time focusing and getting involved with the class. Students said that a better
textbook would greatly improve this course. Future students should know that this is a
tough class filled with a lot of calculus.
EN.570.395.01
Principles of Estuarine Environment: Chesapeake Bay
Grace Bush
Overall quality of this course: 3.64
The best aspects of this course were the informative lectures and interesting topics. This
helped keep students involved, which ultimately lead to better grades in the class. The
worst aspect of this course was the difficult analytical readings. Students said that fewer
156
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
readings and more Power Points would improve this course. Future students should
start working on the major research paper early because it is a huge part of your grade.
EN.570.403.01
Ecology
Grace Bush
Overall quality of this course: 3.71
There were five or fewer comments provided.
EN.570.406.01
Environmental History
Erica Schoenberger
Overall quality of this course: 4.62
The best aspects of this course were the interesting class discussions and a professor
who created an environment that was conducive to learning. The worst aspect of this
course was the large and sometimes dense reading load. Students said that less reading
would improve this class. Also they would like to have more feedback from the
instructor and more guidance on the grading system. Future students should know that
there is a lot of reading in this class.
EN.570.411.01
Engineering Microbiology
Edward Bouwer
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
The best aspect of this course was a teacher who gave outstanding lectures. The worst
aspect of this course was the homework. It was difficult and did not follow the material
presented in lecture. Students said that modifying the labs and clearer handwriting on
the blackboard would improve this class. Future students should know that this is a
tough course with a number of problem sets, labs, and homework.
EN.570.419.01
Environmental Engineering Design I
Edward Bouwer
Overall quality of this course: 3.93
The best aspect of this course was the guest lecturers. They were very entertaining and
provided a new prospective on certain topics. The worst aspect of this course was that
157
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
some of the lectures were dull or unrelated to course topics. Students said that more
interactions and clearer expectations would improve this class. Future students should
pay close attention in class and follow the syllabus.
EN.570.428.01
Problems Applied in Economics Research
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.442.01
Environmental Organic Chemistry
A Roberts
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
The best aspects of this course were the lectures. They were easily understood and
made students think critically. Students said that the worst aspect of the class was the
homework. They were slightly confusing and made the class frustrating. Better
homework and more detailed assignments would improve this class. Future students
should have a strong chemistry background and be ready to work hard.
EN.570.443.01
Aquatic Chemistry
Alan Stone
Overall quality of this course: 4.6
The best aspects of this course were the great paced well-organized lectures and a
professor with a great personality. Students said the worst aspect of this course was the
amount of algebra required. It made a lot of the work more challenging than some
thought it had to be. Students also said that more legible writing on the blackboard
would improve this class. Future students should know that this is a challenging course
with a lot of homework.
EN.570.445.01
Phys/Chem processes I
William Ball
Overall quality of this course: 3.8
158
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
This course had a lot of relevant and practical material, which made it very interesting.
Students said the worst aspect of this course was the disorganization from the
professor. More in-class examples and problems would improve this class. Students said
that the professor should have emphasized the important equations. Future students
should know that this is a fast-paced interesting class.
EN.570.470.01
Applied Economics and Finance
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of this course: 5
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.490.01
Solid Waste Engineering and Management
Hedy Alavi
Overall quality of this course: 4.64
The best aspects of this course were the great landfill trips and a very enthusiastic
professor. The worst aspect of this course was the length of the class. Students said that
a three hour-long course was very boring and could drag on at times. Students also said
that switching the class to twice a week and adding more reading would improve the
class. Future students should know to be dedicated and focused during class.
EN.570.493.01
Economic Foundations for Public Decision Making
Benjamin Hobbs
Overall quality of this course: 4.41
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material covered and a great
professor. Most students thought that there was nothing wrong with the course.
Students said that less homework, more review sessions, and a smaller class size would
improve this class. Future students should know that this is a challenging class that
requires a strong foundation in math.
EN.570.495.01
Mathematical Foundations for Public Decision Making
Benjamin Hobbs, Justin Williams
Overall quality of this course: 3.85
159
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
The best aspects of this course were Professor Williams'' teaching style and pace. He
takes the time to address student questions and never seems rushed. The course was
also very structured and organized; however, the material can be very boring and dry.
Students said the class could be more engaging and lively. They also would like more
examples related to homework presented in class and more calculations cone on the
blackboard. Future students should know that this is a tough yet practical class, and they
should be aware that the homework is very important -some tricky details can lower
your grade. Also grading can be harsh so it is take advantage of the professors' office
hours.
EN.570.497.01
Risk and Decision Analysis
Seth Guikema
Overall quality of this course: 4.47
The best aspects of this course were the interesting lectures and relevant material. The
worst aspects of this course were the class size and duration. Students said that a three
hour-long class with thirty-five people was a problem. Students also said that splitting
the class into two 1.5-hour sessions would improve this class. Future students should
know that this is a fast paced class with a lot of work.
EN.570.661.01
Applied Math for Engineers
Markus Hilpert
Overall quality of this course: 4.03
The best aspect of this course included great material and helpful problem sets to keep
students on track. The worst aspects of this class were the speeds of the lectures.
Students said that they were too fast and that if you missed something, it could derail
the understanding of a topic. Students also said that more review session, longer
homework, and more communication from TA's would improve this class. Future
students should know that this is an easy class at first that will eventually get very
difficult.
EN.570.680.01
Environment and Society
Erica Schoenberger
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
160
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
The best aspects of this course were the topics that kept students interested and
engaged. The worst aspect of this course was the large amount of reading. Students said
that more feedback on their work would improve this class. Future students should
know that this is an interesting class with a lot of reading.
161
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.210.1O1.01-04
French Elements I
Claude Guillemard
Overall quality of this course: 4.68
Summary:
Students said the professor was a very effective teacher who created an atmosphere
that was conducive to learning. She was enthusiastic thorough, clear, and organized.
They felt the immersion aspect of the course effectively contributed to learning a new
language. Many students commented that they liked Tuesday's story which emphasized
pronunciation and listening skills. Some students commented that the worst aspect of
the course was that there was a lot of tedious work. Also the daily homework is
sometimes difficult to keep up with. To improve the course, students suggested more
feedback on individual pronunciation and progress and making sure the Tuesday
narrative class starts and ends on time. Students also wanted more opportunities for
oral practice. Future students should know that the course is conducted in French. It
requires dedication because the student will need to regularly practice pronunciation
and memorize words outside of class time.
AS.210.111.01-05
Spanish Elements I
Loreto Sanchez, Michelle Tracy
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
162
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Summary:
The best aspect of the course is that course is conducted entirely in Spanish. The
professor makes the course challenging yet exciting and interactive. Since this is a small
class, the atmosphere is friendly and you get a lot of opportunity to practice speaking.
The worst aspect of the course is the technical problems with MySpanishLab. Also the
grading system was not consistent. There were students in the class who were not at
the introductory 100 level. This made speaking in Spanish intimidating. To improve the
course, students suggested more opportunities to practice speaking and listening skills.
They also suggested giving short assignments each week on MSL instead of a whole
chapter every 3 weeks. Students also wanted everyone in the class to be on the same
level. Future students should know be ready to study and review the material every day.
You will also need to purchase MySpanishLab.
AS.210.112.01-04
Spanish Elements II
Loreto Sanchez, Michelle Tracy
Overall quality of this course: 4.26
Summary:
Students said the interactive and dynamic nature of the class and the ability to work
frequently in small groups provided an ideal environment for learning Spanish. The
found the professor the best part of the course because he was energetic, passionate,
easy to understand, and knowledgeable. The worst part of the course was the My
Spanish Lab (MSL) online activities that would grade an answer wrong for irrelevant
mistakes. Students also said MSL were difficult to understand and complete. To improve
the course some students suggested more challenging opportunities for oral practice
while others wanted more focus on culture and reading. Students would also like less
reliance on MSL and they would like homework that was graded by a TA or professor
instead of Pearsons. Future students should know that class participation is essential to
your grade and your understanding of the language.
AS.210.151.01-04
Italian Elements I
Alessandro Zannirato
Overall quality of this course: 4.0
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of this course was the interactive and conversational
approach to learning. It was a fun learning environment that did not emphasize
vocabulary lists and grammar rules. The worst aspects of the course were the difficult
exams, the fact that most assignments were due around the same time, and the fact
that tests were the day after the quizzes. Also, the textbook was completely in Italian
163
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
which made it not very useful for a beginner level language course. To improve the
class, students suggested more organization, more verbal practice and review sessions,
and balancing out the workload throughout the semester. Students would also like to
have a vocabulary list. Future students do not need a background in Italian to take this
course; however, having a grasp of another romance language will help. The class is in
Italian from the beginning of the semester so it is relatively intense and demanding. The
class relies on intuitive self-taught learning
AS.210.161.03
German Elements I
Bryan Klausmeyer
Overall quality of this course: 3.88
Summary:
Students said the course was interactive and fun with many exercises and opportunities
to help you learn. The worst part of the course is that it is sometimes poorly organized
and students often are unsure of what is expected of them. To improve the course,
students suggested better organization and more communication between the TA's.
Future students should know that a background in German is not necessary; however,
as it is with any language course, students must be willing to spend a lot of time outside
of the classroom practicing the language.
AS.210.161.04
German Elements I
Deborah Mifflin
Overall quality of this course: 4.57
Summary:
Students said the best part of the course were the interactive activities, and the good
interaction between the professor and students. Frau Mifflin has an extremely effective
and articulate teaching style. Her feedback on both journals and quizzes was quite
helpful. The worst aspect of the class was the Tuesday sections ­ they were not very
useful. To improve the course, students suggested restructuring the Tuesday class.
Future students should know that this class is very demanding and that previous
exposure to the German language is helpful.
AS.210.177.01
Portuguese Elements
Joyce Anitagrace
Overall quality of this course: 4.42
164
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Summary:
Students found the professor dynamic, thorough, clear, and easy to understand. She is
approachable and provides correction and guidance in a helpful manner. The worst part
of the course is the limited amount of time spent speaking and practicing the language.
To improve the class, students suggested having more time spend on conversation and
oral skills. Future students should know that grading is fair, the class is interesting, and
the homework is very helpful.
AS.210.2O1.01-04
Intermediate French I
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of this course: 4.28
Summary:
Students said the best part of the course was the in-class discussions and detailed
revision exercises before every exam. It is an effectively different interactive approach
to learning a language. Students said the assignments and evaluations were extremely
helpful and reinforced the material that was taught. The worst aspect of the course was
the online exercises. While some students enjoyed watching the films, some students
did not like having to watch films outside of class time in the library. To improve the
class, students suggested more organization, more in-class discussions, and less use of
the online exercises. Also students suggested limiting the number of students in each
section so
AS.210.2O3.01-03
High Intermediate French I
April Wuensch
Overall quality of this course: 4.03
Summary:
Students said the best part of the course was the way the professor incorporates fun
activities into the class. She uses French advertisements, tabloids, featured articles,
poetry, classical literature, comic books, and music as teaching resources. Students
found her teaching style upbeat, engaging, challenging, helpful, organized, and
encouraging. The worst aspects of the course were the difficult readings and the
teacher's quick speaking pace. Also, not enough time was spent on grammar. To
improve the class, students suggested presenting the grammar in a more systematic
method along with having grammar exercises that are more representative of what will
be tested on in the quiz. Students also would like to have homework returned in a more
timely fashion. Future students should know that you definitely need a background in
French to take this class; however, the grading system is fair and the class is challenging
and fun.
165
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.210.211.01-06
Intermediate Spanish I
Barry Weingarten, Loreto Sanchez
Overall quality of this course: 3.95
Summary:
Students found the instructor, Julia Eichstedt, very dedicated to helping her students
learn not only the Spanish language and grammar, but also the culture and themes in
the short stories that were read in class. She was always available for additional help.
Also, the small class size allowed for great discussions. Students found the instructor,
Javier Nunez, very encouraging. They said Professor Perez was knowledgeable and
engaging. The worst part of the course was that the exams were difficult. Also students
found MSL grading unfair since you were not allowed to go back and change your
answer. They also said that they experienced frustrating technical problems when using
MSL. Some students said that Professor Weingarten was sometimes intimidating,
disrespectful, and curt to students. To improve the class, student suggested more class
discussion, more emphasis on culture, more diverse in-class activities, and removal of
MSL activities. Future students should practice their Spanish nightly and be ready to
participate in class. This class is difficult if the student has only a basic knowledge of
Spanish.
AS.210.212.02-05
Intermediate Spanish II
Loreto Sanchez, Barry Weingarten
Overall quality of this course: 3.87
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was that it was well-structured and
organized and that class time was used effectively. They said the instructor Naiara
Martinez was energetic, engaging and supportive while she created an atmosphere that
was conducive to learning; however, some students said the course was boring because
it became repetitive and predictable. They also said the MySpanishLab is not an
effective way to teach students grammar and vocabulary since it is often difficult,
tedious, and filled with technical problems and buggy software. They also said that the
Professor Weingarten sometimes made rude and insensitive comments which created
an environment where students did not want to speak up in class. To improve the
course, students suggested using more creativity and less structure for the day's
teaching plan. They also suggested that the instructor provide feedback in a more
tactful manner. Future students should know that a background in Spanish is required
since the class is conducted entirely in Spanish. Also, they should be comfortable
speaking spontaneously in Spanish.
166
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.210.251.02-04
Intermediate Italian I
Alessandro Zannirato
Overall quality of this course: 4.12
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the feedback they received from the
instructor. They said Professor Zannirato is very passionate about teaching and always
gave 100% of herself to the students. The worst aspect of the course was that all the
assignments and tests were scheduled within a 3 week period. Students would like to
see the due dates of the graded assignments balanced out over the semester. They
would also like to see more emphasis on speaking and listening. They would also like
more guidance on test preparation as well as curved grading to normalize the difference
in grading between the sections. Future students should know that the workload is
appropriate and that they should be comfortable with speaking in groups since it is done
in class each day.
AS.210.261.01
Intermediate German I
Nina Tolksdorf, Heidi Wheeler
Overall quality of this course: 3.6
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the instructor challenging them to talk
in German for the entirety of the class. This gave the students ample opportunity to
improve their speaking skills. Also there was exposure to the German culture. The worst
aspect of the course was the lack of clarity on exam expectations and assignments.
Students wanted more work on vocabulary and conversational skills. Future students
should know that they should have German language skills and that they should be
prepared to participate.
AS.210.261.02
Intermediate German I
Marcus Heim, Heidi Wheeler
Overall quality of this course: 3.11
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the small class size which made learning
the language easier. It also produced a collaborative learning environment. The worst
aspect of the course was that it was disorganized and work was assigned at the last
167
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
minute. Also expectations were unclear. Students wanted a new textbook and a more
detailed syllabus that specified homework due dates. Future students should be
prepared for a lot of a lot of work.
AS.210.261.03
Intermediate German I
Heidi Wheeler
Overall quality of this course: 4.0
Summary:
Students liked that the class focused on German culture, history, and politics through
videos, music, readings, recordings, and conversations. They said there was daily
opportunity to practice speaking. The worst aspect of the course is that expectations
and requirements are not clearly stated. To improve the class, students suggested more
organization in the course structure. Some students did find the course repetitive and
slightly boring. Future students should know that the course requires constant practice
but does not involve too much homework.
AS.210.261.04
Intermediate German I
Anja Ketterl, Heidi Wheeler
Overall quality of this course: 4.12
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the teacher-student interactions. The
small class size allowed for individual attention and creative an intimate environment
for learning. Students said the worst aspect of the course was the amount of `busy work'
and the fact that the homeworks were difficult and not effective. To improve the class,
students would like to have more speaking opportunities in class along with more time
spent discussing grammar and vocabulary.
AS.210.277.01
Intermediate/ Advanced Portuguese
Mary Bensabat Ott
Overall quality of this course: 4.12
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the instructor who is genuinely
concerned that her students learn the material. There were many opportunities to
practice speaking the language. The worst aspect of the course was the unclear grading
policy and unclear due dates on the syllabus. The students would like to have more
168
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
lessons on Brazilian history, geography, and culture. Students would also like to have a
new textbook. Future students should know that they should be aware of the due dates
of the numerous homework assignments. Students also said that the course requires a
lot of time and effort spent memorizing.
AS.210.301.01-07
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French
Bruce Anderson; Kristin Cook-Gailloud
Overall quality of this course: 4.20
Summary:
The casual class discussion within a small class was the best aspect of this course. The
manner in which grammar and vocabulary was taught in this class was somewhat
confusing, more emphasis should have been placed on concept instead of
memorization. More diverse and current themes in French culture for the
commentaries as well as more incorporation of grammar would improve this course.
Prospective students should have a solid understanding and true appreciation of the
French language. Students should be prepared for weekly written assignments with
follow up verbal discussions.
AS.210.311.01-05
Advanced Spanish I
Aranzazu Hubbard, Loreto Sanchez
Overall quality of this course: 3.22
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course were the intriguing in-class discussions that
gave ample speaking opportunities. Most students said their fluency and reading skills
noticeably improved. Also students said the class is well organized and structured. The
worst aspect of the course is that students did not feel they were prepared for the
exams. They said the homework and class discussions were at a basic level but the
exams are much more difficult and graded harshly. Students also said the class can
become repetitive since there is little variety in the teaching schedule. To improve the
course, students suggested incorporating more variety in the daily class activities,
reevaluating the difficulty level of the exams, and curving the exams. Future students
should be able to speak Spanish confidently. Also they should know that this is not an
easy class and the exams are fairly difficult and long.
AS.210.312.01-03
Advanced Spanish II
Aranzazu Hubbard, Loreto Sanchez
169
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of this course: 3.81
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course were the good class discussion. Also the
course is totally taught in Spanish by a native speaker. They found Professor Gefael
encouraging, helpful, available, fair but challenging. The worst aspects of the course
were the exams. Students said the online tests marked answers wrong due to typos,
there was no curve to the tests, and found the exams were too long and difficult. To
improve the course, students suggested replacing some of the online assessments with
quizzes that are graded by the instructor. They also suggested having a more diverse
and varied lesson plan to keep the students engaged. Future students should have a
strong background in Spanish. The workload is manageable; however, some of the
readings are very difficult. Also, they should also be prepared for daily homework.
AS.210.313.01
Medical Spanish
Maria Ramos
Overall quality of this course: 4.46
Summary:
This course has a great professor who facilitates interesting class discussions. Students
felt it was clear what topics to study and felt that this course enhanced both their
grammar and vocabulary skills. The worst aspect of this course was the lack of grade
feedback. Students also did not like the grading structure since the grading was not
curved. Students wished there was less emphasis on reading comprehension and a
stronger focus on in class speaking activities. Future students should know this course
requires a lot of memorization and strong Spanish background.
AS.210.313.02
Medical Spanish
Maria Ramos, Loreto Sanchez
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
Summary:
This course provided valuable information that is practical, interesting, and relevant to a
medical setting. Students felt it was clear what topics to study and felt that this course
enhanced both their grammar and vocabulary skills. The worst aspect of this course was
the lack of feedback on graded assignments. Students suggested improving the student-
assessment so that they can get feedback on their progress as well as areas that need
improvement. Students also wanted more timely return of graded material. Future
170
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
students should know this course requires a lot of memorization and strong Spanish
background.
AS.210.314.01
Business Spanish
Maria Ramos, Loreto Sanchez
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
AS.210.316.01-02
Conversational Spanish
Loreto Sanchez, Maria Ramos
Overall quality of this course: 3.71
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course were the many speaking opportunities that
are presented in a variety of activities. The profession kept the class interesting and
provided good constructive criticism and feedback. The worst aspects of the course
were the difficult listening sections of the exams along with the online assignments and
assessments. They are not really reflective of the student's knowledge of the language.
Students also said the class can be boring and monotonous at times. To improve the
course, students suggested a more even distribution of grades, less structured forms of
conversation and more spontaneous conversation opportunities. Future students should
know that this course requires constant review.
AS.210.351.01-02
Advanced Italian I
Alessandro Zannirato
Overall quality of this course: 4.07
Summary:
Students said the best aspects of the course were the ample opportunities to practice
speaking. They like learning about the culture through the artistic texts and varied
media (poetry, short stories, philosophical excerpts, and YouTube videos). The worst
aspect of the course is that it is poorly designed and structured. Assignments are all due
around the same time and the topics that are discussed are random and irrelevant. To
improve the course, students suggested a more systematic approach to learning
grammar. They also wanted a syllabus with expectations clearly defined. Future
students should be prepared to participate in class ­ it is the best way to learn the
language.
171
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.210.361.01
Adv German I : Cultural Topics of the Modern German-speaking World
Christina Hinz
Overall quality of this course: 4.11
Summary:
Students said the best aspects of the course were the small class size and individual
attention from the professor. The worst aspect of the course is the heavy workload. To
improve the class, students suggested deleting the weekly small assignments and
replacing them with a few challenging ones. Future students should know that there is a
lot of writing in this course.
AS.210.361.02
Adv German I : Cultural Topics of the Modern German-speaking World
Deborah Mifflin
Overall quality of this course: 3.75
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was learning about German culture through
different forms such as music, film, and texts. The worst aspects of the course were the
demanding workload and difficult reading material (i.e., the book at the end of the
course). To improve the course, the students suggested spending more time discussing
material and cohesive and specified instruction. Future students should know that this is
a high level German course that requires the students to watch movies with no
subtitles, read and analyze an entire novel in German. It has a demanding workload.
AS.210.363.01
Business German
Deborah Mifflin, Heidi Wheeler
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was its practical nature. The material was
useful for the business world and job market. The small class size made the class fun and
engaging. The instructor was very knowledgeable. The worst aspect of the course was
that too much English was spoken and there was not enough emphasis of German
vocabulary. To improve the course, students suggested offering the course in 2
semesters, more writing assignments, and ensuring the students are at the same
proficiency level. Future students should know that the student must have strong
German skills.
172
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.210.411.01
Curso de Traduccion par alas Profesiones
Maria Ramos, Loreto Sanchez
Overall quality of this course: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is that students noticeably saw their translation skills
increase. The professor was very friendly willing to help. The worst part of the course is
that there was not much grading feedback, so students couldn't mark their grading
progress. Students would improve this course by making it a year long, two-semester
course in order to cover more topics in detail. Future students should be aware that the
homework is sometimes tedious and the class is taught completely in Spanish.
AS.210.417.01-02
Eloquent French
Kristin Cook-Gailloud
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is that the students saw a large improvement in their
language and writing skills, mostly as a result of the weekly essay assignments. Students
felt that they were able to lean a lot of new expressions and vocab. The professor was
very caring and willing to help and give personal attention to whoever wants it. The
professor is also very helpful giving feedback and tips for improvement. The worst
aspect of this course is that there is a lot of written homework and there is a lack of
practicing speaking and conversational skills. Future students should know that this
course has a heavy emphasis on writing.
AS.211.205.01
Cosmic Imagination from Dante to BorgeX
William Egginton
Overall quality of this course: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.211.213.01
Breast Cancer : A Cultural-Theoretical Approach to an Illness and its Meaning
Bernadette Wegenstein
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
173
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Summary:
Students said the in-class discussions were the best aspect of this course. The professor
was passionate and encouraged personal reflection. The worst aspect of the course was
the heavy reading load. The articles were interesting; however, it became overwhelming
at times. To improve the course, students suggested fewer readings per week so that
each reading can be reviewed in more depth. Future students should know that some
students said that this was one of the most interesting classes they have taken at JHU.
They said the professor is fantastic and you should be prepared to participate in a lot of
class discussions.
AS.211.235.01
Panorama of German Thought I
Elisabeth Strowick
Overall quality of this course: 4.2
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.211.340.01
Topics in French Cinema : Le crime au cinema
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the knowledgeable professor who led
interesting class discussion. Students also enjoyed the movies chosen by the professor.
The worst aspect of the course was that some students did not feel challenged enough
and said their language skills did not improve a lot. To improve the course, students
suggested a change in the quizzes. They it should be based on film discussions. Also,
there should be more opportunity for speaking. Future students should know that this
course is interesting and it is a chance to watch a lot of great films you may not have
otherwise seen.
AS.211.390.01
Modern Spanish Culture
Loreto Sanchez, Amy Sheeran, Harry Sieber
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
Summary:
174
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Students said the best aspect of the course were the interesting readings and movies.
The instructor Amy Sheeran was very knowledgeable and organized each class into an
effective introduction to the assignment and class discussion. The worst aspect of the
course is that the students felt that this was more of a literature course than a culture
course. Also some of the readings were dense and difficult. To improve the class,
students would like to see other areas of culture besides literature discussed. Also,
students wanted more direction on what to focus on while doing the reading
assignments. Future students should know this course involves a lot of reading and
several writing assignments.
AS.211.401.01-03
La France Contemporaine I
Bruce Anderson
Overall quality of this course: 4.37
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course were the in-class lectures and discussions.
There were many opportunities to practice speaking and listening skills. Students said
the information on modern French culture was very interesting and useful. The
professor is easy to understand, organized, and engaging. The worst aspect of the
course was that some students did not find it challenging. Other students said there
were no bad aspects to the course. To improve the course, students suggested varying
the sources and teaching methods and not relying solely on Power Point slides. This
would make the lectures more engaging. Also students would like more feedback on the
assignments and their speaking ability. Future students should know the workload is
light and it is a fun class that many students would recommend. It is a straightforward
class with a manageable workload and fair grading system.
AS.211.431.01
Desecrating the Sacred Heart : Science, Religion and Art in Fin-de-Siècle Fran
Kristin Cook-Gailloud
Overall quality of this course: 4.78
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the professor. She radiated enthusiasm,
provided comprehensive feedback, encouraged students, and made class fun with her
sense of humor. The worst aspect of the course was that lectures were sometimes not
coherent and students were unsure of the purpose of the lecture. Also, students said
the grading rubric for tests and essays were not clear. To improve the class, students
suggested having the readings available from the beginning of the course instead of
posting them before class. Also students would like to see media other than writing
175
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
incorporated in the class. Future students should know that the class is fun but that
some of the readings are dense.
AS.212.324.01
Vive la Difference!: Belonging and Difference in Contemporary France
Emine Fisek
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the engaging and insightful professor. Students felt
she was always available to help and led interesting class discussion. Students also
commented that the readings were often overwhelmingly long. One of the worst
aspects of this course is that the students were required to watch films in their free
time, rather than during class time is interesting. Students also wished for more grade
feedback throughout the year. Future students should know that there is a heavy
writing emphasis for this course.
AS.212.333.01
Introduction a la literature francaise
Jacky Neefs
Overall quality of this course: 4.78
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is that the professor is genuinely concerned with teaching
and engaging his students. He is an excellent lecturer; however, students wanted more
student interactions during the in class discussions. Students felt that that the class time
should be more structured with smaller homework assignments to facilitate discussion.
The worst aspect of this class was that there were too many books to read and not
enough time to thoroughly discuss them all. Future students should know that this class
is very reading-intensive and that there are no exams, just papers and presentations.
AS.212.333.02
Introduction a la literature francaise
Brian Reilly
Overall quality of this course: 4.26
Summary:
This course has an enthusiastic and knowledgeable professor. One of the best aspects of
this course is that there is a great reading selection and a good classroom dynamic. One
of the worst aspects of this class was that there was a lack of feedback on quizzes and
assignments. Prospective students should know that the only grades are two oral
176
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
presentations and two papers and that there is a heavy emphasis on reading for this
class.
AS.213.310.01
Classic German Theater
Katrina Pahl
Overall quality of this course: 4.6
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
AS.214.330.01
Love and War in Italian Literature
Pier Forni
Overall quality of this course: 4.83
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
AS.214.350.01
The Eternal City: Rome in Literature and Film
James Coleman
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
Summary:
This course has a great, knowledgeable professor and students felt they really improved
their Italian language skills. The class was mainly based on discussion, but the professor
was great at encouraging class participation. The worst aspect of this course was that
the professor was a tough grader and students wished for more constructive criticism.
Students also wished that the class would be broken up into two shorter class periods,
rather than just one long period. Future students should know that this class requires a
high level of Italian.
AS.215.231.01
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Gabrielle Ponce, Harry Sieber
Overall quality of this course: 3.83
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was Professor Ponce. She was approachable,
knowledgeable, and enthusiastic. Also, the course provided a good anthology of some of
the great Spanish literature. The course provided a good range of authors, literary
177
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
styles, and time periods. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of time to
thoroughly discuss the readings. The professor was not well-organized and did not stay
on task with the syllabus. To improve the class, students suggested decreasing the
reading load so each reading could be covered in more depth. Future students should
know that the grading system is fair; however, there is a lot of reading due each week.
AS.215.231.02
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
William Egginton. Manuel Monge
Overall quality of this course: 4.27
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the material covered and the
discussions in Spanish. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of organization and
structure. Students said the readings were fragmented and sometimes they would start
reading in the middle of a novel. The expectations for writing assignments were not
clearly defined. To improve the class, students suggested re-organizing the syllabus so
that the readings were chronological instead of randomly jumping from one time period
to another. Future students should know that most of the readings are in old Spanish.
Students should have a strong mastery of Spanish speaking, reading, and writing.
AS.215.325.01
Muslim Spain
Nadia Altschul, Harry Sieber
Overall quality of this course: 4.11
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course were the knowledgeable professors who
encouraged discussions of the text and allowed the class to explore topics that were not
on the syllabus. Students found the course material interesting. The worst aspect of the
course is that some of the readings can be dense. Also, some students found it
detrimental to have 2 different professors. They said the switch between professors was
jarring and that it negatively impacted grading. To improve the course students
suggested having the instructors teach side by side so a greater connection is made
between the first and second parts of the course, or have more standardization
between the 2 teaching styles. Future students should know that there is a lot of
reading but the assignments were straightforward and the grading is fair.
AS.215.456.01
Gauchos, Negros, Gitanos
Eduardo Gonzalez
178
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of this course: 3.26
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course is that the professor is knowledgeable and
humorous. He gave great written feedback on the student essays. The worst aspect of
the course was that the assignments were usually given on Thursday or Friday for the
Monday class. When emailing the assignment out to students, the instructor would
instruct students not to respond to the email; therefore, they had no way to ask the
professor questions about the assignment. Students also said they did not learn a lot
because the professor was not organized and would often become distracted and veer
off on an unrelated tangent. To improve the course, students suggested more
organization, structure, and cohesion to the course. The professor's teaching style needs
improvement to be an effective instructor. Future students should know that this course
received mixed reviews. Some students would not recommend it while others would
definitely recommend it.
179
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
HISTORY
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.100.102.01-04
The Medieval World
Christopher Gardner
Overall quality of this course: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the great professor who was enthusiastic and made
connections to the larger historical narrative easy to understand. The lectures were well-
structured, interesting and captivating. There was a strict but effective rubric for grading and
many interesting primary reading sources. The worst aspect of this course was the pop quizzes
and the unrelated, long, and dense readings. To improve the course some students suggested
focusing more on the chronology by having a timeline which puts all the topics in order. Also
students suggested having a truncated reading list. Future students should know that this class
is very reading and writing heavy for a class that is not classified as writing intensive.
History of Occidental Civilization: Europe & the Wider World
AS.100.103.01-04
Erin Cage
Overall quality of this course: 3.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the course materials and the sections. The TAs were
great and students learned a lot about European history. Students felt that the lectures were
dry, the material was covered too quickly and there was too much reading. Suggestions for
180
HISTORY
improvement included incorporating the readings into the lectures better, structuring the
slideshows and putting them online, teaching the class in chronological order, having the
teacher speak more slowly and providing more topic choices for the essays. Prospective
students should know that the readings are dense but the class is interesting and not too
challenging.
AS.100.122.01-04
Intro to History of Africa (since 1880)
Sara Berry
Overall quality of this course: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the interesting readings, the straightforward and well-
organized syllabus, and a knowledgeable instructor. Students felt that the paper topics were
especially interesting and flexible. Some students felt like it was difficult to keep track of which
area of Africa the class was focusing on, because the material would jump back and forth a lot.
Some students felt that lecture was slightly slow moving and too focused on summarizing the
readings. Suggestions for improvement included focusing on one country or region at a time.
Prospective students should know that the workload is manageable, but involves a decent
amount of reading and writing. There are no tests but the grading of the essays is relatively
harsh.
AS.100.129.01-02
Introduction to Modern Jewish History
Kenneth Moss
Overall quality of this course: 3.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included enlightening section discussions, a passionate
instructor, and interesting material. Some students felt that the amount of reading in the
course was overwhelming and that the lectures were sometimes difficult to follow. Suggestions
for improvement included adding more structure to the lectures and cutting down the reading
by a few texts. Prospective students should be prepared for a lot of reading and be able to take
notes quickly. Lectures and notes from lectures are very important.
AS.100.140.01
From Plantation to Paris: The American South in Global Perspective
Ian Beamish
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
Summary:
181
HISTORY
The best aspects of this course included that various styles of teaching (lecture, film, and
discussion), the small size of the class, the informative and well paced lectures, and the
opportunity to analyze interesting primary sources. Some students felt that some of the
readings were slightly dense and hard to understand. Suggestions for improvement include
slightly shorter and more accessible readings that more directly supplemented the information
provided. Prospective students are told to have some background knowledge about the South,
and that it is a small class demanding active participation and close reading. There is a fairly
heavy workload in terms of reading and writing.
AS.100.166.01
African American History since Emancipation
Adam Ewing
Overall quality of this course: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size, enthusiastic and interesting
lectures, and engaging discussions that inspired students to learn in an enjoyable way. Some
students felt that there was too much reading for an introductory class. Suggestions for
improvement included being provided with a broad overview or basic information before
lectures and assignments. Prospective students should be prepared for a lot or reading and
writing, but should know that the instructor helps to make the course interesting and
enjoyable.
AS.100.183.01
Slavery and Freedom in the Americas
Patrick Luck
Overall quality of this course: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included well thought-out and interesting lectures, a broad
scope of material, and the effective use of class time between lecture and discussion. Some
students felt that the readings were occasionally too lengthy and somewhat dry. Suggestions
for improvement included re-thinking which readings were most important to the overall
quality of the course, and eliminating some of those that are unnecessary. Prospective students
are told that the course is relatively easy in terms of workload and is interesting and
worthwhile. Students should keep up on their readings and come to class prepared to discuss
them.
AS.100.191.01
Freshman Seminar: Family History in the U.S. and Europe
Toby Ditz
182
HISTORY
Overall quality of this course: 4
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included lively discussions, interesting readings, and a small
class size. Some students felt that the class was ineffective when students didn't do their
readings, and that the discussion didn't always follow the major topics that the course was
trying to address. Suggestions for improvement included more concise and focused readings,
forced participation by students in discussion, and breaking the class into groups for discussion.
Prospective students are told that the class is valuable in improving writing skills and demands a
decent amount of reading.
AS.100.193.01
Undergrad Seminar in History
Nathan Connolly
Overall quality of this course: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the detailed feedback on student work, the freedom of
research and essay topics, an engaging and lively instructor, and its usefulness for history
majors in their prospective career paths. Some students felt that there was not enough class
time focused on the 50 page sophomore thesis paper and that a lot of the readings were not
very helpful. Suggestions for improvement include dividing the class period into two meetings
per week instead of one and having a more structured, even distribution of homework. Some
students would have preferred a broader range of topics presented in the readings. Prospective
students are told that the class will strengthen their background as history majors. They are
advised to manage their time well in order to complete their theses on time.
AS.100.193.02
Undergrad Seminar in History
Mary Ryan
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included engaging, stimulating, and interesting discussions.
Students also liked the detailed feedback. Some students said there were too many
unnecessary readings and that some of them are hard to get through. Other students said the
class can get repetitive and boring. To improve the class, students would like more time to
meet with the professor and get individual feedback on their writing. Others wanted more
practical workshops and more engaging class discussions. Future students should know that
that there is a lot of close reading of sources and that the grading can be harsh but fair.
AS.100.214.01
183
HISTORY
Japan's Last Shogunate, 1568-1868
Julie Oakes
Overall quality of this course: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an approachable, interesting, and knowledgeable
instructor, interesting readings, helpful Power Point presentations, and a mixture of lectures
and movies presented during the class. Some students felt that the instructor could
occasionally be disorganized and not leave a lot of time to explain major assignments.
Suggestions for improvement included clarifying expectations and requirements for
assignments earlier and leaving little room to change these standards close to the deadline.
Prospective students are encouraged to participate in class discussion as much as possible. They
are told that there will be a decent amount of reading and memorization, but that the grading
is fair and the instructor makes the material interesting.
AS.100.308.01
Bridging East and West: Chinese Cosmopolitans and Cultural Mediators
Ke Ren
Overall quality of this course: 4.1
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interactive class discussions, interesting reading
selections, a witty and engaging instructor, a comprehensive study of the material, and
thorough, understandable lectures. Some students felt that the reading was slightly dense and
lengthy. Suggestions for improvement included more selectively choosing readings that helped
encompass the subject matter without losing the focus of students. Some students would have
liked to be provided with a general idea to look for in the more dense readings. Prospective
students are told that a background in Chinese History, particularly the 20th
century, would be
helpful before taking the class. They are told that the instructor is very informative and helps
provide all students with knowledge on potentially unfamiliar topics, but that there will be a lot
of reading.
AS.100.314.01
The Enlightenment
Michael Kwass
Overall quality of this course: 4.69
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included interesting lectures, good reading choices, and a
passionate and knowledgeable instructor. Some students felt that the assigned paper topics
were slightly vague. Suggestions for improvement included offering assistance in the way of
184
HISTORY
office hours for students less proficient in paper writing. Some students would have preferred
more discussion. Prospective students are told that the class consists of a fair amount of
reading and is graded mostly on papers. They are told that the class is accessible and rewarding
due to the instructor and the information gained.
AS.100.321.01
Visions of the Self
Richard Kagan
Overall quality of this course: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the focus on various autobiographies, providing various
perspectives, as well as the skill and knowledge of the instructor and the class discussions.
Some people felt that there was not enough constructive criticism from the instructor.
Suggestions for improvement included encouraging all students to participate in discussion
more. Prospective students are encouraged to participate in discussions and do the readings.
The class is rewarding for its fascinating subject matter and the knowledge of the instructor.
AS.100.333.01-08
Global Public Health Since World War II
Louis Galambos, Barbara Morgan
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
Students
Overall, the students were pleased with the course content, professor, and teacher assistants.
The best aspects of the course were readings, lectures, and discussions. The majority felt
Professor Galambos is one of the best lecturers and that the discussion sessions were useful in
clarifying lecture material. The course material was intellectually challenging; however some
felt that the professor should decrease the number of readings. For approving future classes,
students prefer to have in advance an outline of the topics that will be covered on the midterm.
Visual aids such as PowerPoint and downloading lectures on Podcast would make the lectures
more easily to follow and understand.
AS.100.335.01
The American West
Ronald Walters
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
Summary:
185
HISTORY
Students said the best aspect of the course were the interesting discussions led by the
professor who was knowledgeable, passionate, and engaging. The students found the variety of
sources (notes, video clips, images) used by the professor very interesting. Some students said
the worst aspect of the course was that it became boring and dry. They also said the reading
load was heavy and that some of the readings were very long. To improve the class, students
suggested changing the structure to a large lecture class or reducing the number of students
and making it a discussion class. The current structure falls between the 2; therefore, students
were hesitant to actively participate. Future students should know that this class has a
demanding reading load and grading is fairly tough
AS.100.356.01
The Buddhist Experience
Bavo Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
Students found the subject matter interesting and inspiring. Students also enjoyed the
readings. The worst aspect of the course was that lectures were disorganized and hard to
follow. Students also said the course was more of a theology course rather than a history
course. They said the professor had a condescending and counterproductive teaching style.
There was little to no communication between the professor and students. To improve this
class, students suggested better organization and structure during lecture so they become
more cohesive and unbiased. Future students should know this course is not a traditional
history course. It received mixed reviews from students: some students said they would not
recommend this course to anyone, while others said they loved the course.
AS.100.358.01
Americans and the Environment
Albert Beveridge
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course were the in-class discussions. They were always
interesting and never boring. They said the professor genuinely cared whether or not his
students actually understand the material. The worst aspect of the course is the large reading
workload. To improve the course students suggested decreasing the workload and having a
syllabus which details the reading assignments and discussion dates. Future students should
know this class has a lot of reading and they should come to class ready to participate.
AS.100.369.01
The American Earth : Empire and Environment in U.S. History
Noah Cincinnati
186
HISTORY
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course were the professor's lectures. The students found
them interesting, loaded with information, well-organized, and inspiring. Students also enjoyed
the blog posts ­ they found them fun, creative, and easy to complete. The worst aspect of the
course is that the structure was repetitive. Students also said that some of the readings were
boring. To improve the course, students suggested making the blog available earlier so that
readings can be done in advance. Students would also like to have more instructor feedback.
Future students should know the grading is fair, the workload is manageable, and attendance is
important.
AS.100.372.01
The Victorians
Judith Walkowitz
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the professor ­ she was knowledgeable,
approachable, engaging, fascinating, and an expert in her field. The worst aspect of the course
was that it only met once a week; therefore, the class was long. To improve the class, students
suggested deleting the unrelated readings and balancing out the writing assignments. Future
students should know that this class has a heavy reading and writing workload.
AS.100.399.01
Decolonization and Nationalism in Africa
Pier Larson
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
Students said the best part of the course were the interesting and informative class discussions
and readings. The worst aspect of the course was lack of background and contextual
information that was needed prior to reading some of the assignments. These caused some
students to struggle with understanding the material. To improve the class, students suggested
more structured lectures that contain background and basic historical information for the time
period associated with the readings. Future students should know that this course has a heavy
reading workload. The course would be difficult for someone who has not taken a modern
African history course.
187
HISTORY
AS.100.405.01
Europe Socialist Thought
Peter Jelavich
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.415.01
Papyrus, Parchment, and Paper
Marina Rustow
Overall quality of the class: 4.8
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course is the hands-on learning provided by the professor.
Students found her one of the best professors at JHU. They describe her as smart, funny, and
passionate. The worst aspect of the course was that the readings became repetitive, boring,
and were sometimes dense. To improve the course, students suggested paring down the
reading assignments to the most essential ones. Also, students wanted more clarity on
expectations for the assignments. Future students should know that there is a lot of reading in
this course but it is interesting and worthwhile.
AS.100.468.01
Britain from the English Revolution to the Industrial Revolution
John Marshall
Overall quality of the class: 4.8
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course were the class discussions. They enjoyed the
professor's anecdotes and found him ready, willing, and able to answer all student questions.
He created an environment that encouraged student participation. The worst aspect of the
course was that some of the readings were tedious and dense. To improve the class, students
suggested having an additional graded assignment. They wished the professor was better at
time -management because he would sometimes go over class time to finish a discussion.
Future students should know there is a lot of reading; however, there is only 1 graded paper.
188
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
HISTORY OF ART
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.010.101.01-04
Introduction to History of European Art
Herbert Kessler
Overall quality of this course: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included extremely helpful section meetings, interesting subject
matter, and museum visits. Some students felt that the lectures were not engaging or well-
organized.
Suggestions for improvement include more relevant and engaging lectures. Prospective
students are told that the class is a good introduction to art history, and it requires no previous
background in the subject.
AS.010.105.01
Art of the Ancient Americas
Lisa Deleonardis
Overall quality of this course: 4.68
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an effective and enthusiastic instructor, informative
and interesting lectures, and trips to various museums. Some students felt that the reading
assignments were too demanding. Suggestions for improvement are to include more discussion
in class reduce the volume of assigned reading. Prospective students should be prepared for a
decent amount of reading, and to devote time to field trips outside of class. This course is
graded fairly, and the class is an interesting introduction into art history.
189
HISTORY OF ART
AS.010.147.01
South Asian Art, Culture, and Politics: Empire, Colony, Nation
Rebecca Brown
Overall quality of this course: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a passionate instructor, helpful assignments, and a
small class size. Some students felt that the course load and the readings were particularly
dense and that the expectations for writing papers were not clearly defined. Suggestions for
improvement included providing clearer instructions for assignments and choosing the reading
assignments more carefully. Prospective students should know that having a background in art
history is helpful; they should be prepared to read and write a lot, and memorization is
necessary for tests.
AS.010.196.01
Destroying Art: Iconoclasm through History
Brooke Shilling
Overall quality of this course: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the compelling subject matter, a thorough exploration
into religion and history, a well-organized syllabus, field trips outside of class, and an
informative and interesting instructor. Students felt that it was hard to keep up with the
reading and that the reading itself was occasionally repetitive. Suggestions for improvement
include slowing down the lectures slightly so that students can adequately understand the
material. Students also would have liked more interactive discussion in class. Prospective
students should be prepared for a large amount of reading, and be very interested in art
history.
AS.010.256.01
Nineteenth-Century European Art
Jeremy Melius
Overall quality of this course: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the in-depth, informative lectures and the rich background
in art history covered during the course. Some students felt that the readings assigned for the
class were not helpful in tests or for understanding lectures. Suggestions for improvement
include having more in-class discussions and assigning fewer superfluous readings. Prospective
190
HISTORY OF ART
students are told that the workload is fair, and it is not necessary to have a background in art
history for the class.
AS.010.291.01-02
Architectural History of Baltimore
Martin Perschler
Overall quality of this course: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included constantly engaging and interesting lectures and field
trips outside of class. Some students felt that some of the history taught was slightly dry and
that the weekly assignments were sometimes unhelpful in learning course material. Students
suggested changing to a seminar style class with more interactive discussion during class.
Prospective students are advised to take the class because the instructor's lectures are
interesting and the class trips are enjoyable.
AS.010.311.01
Japanese Print Culture and Western Collecting
Hilary Snow
Overall quality of this course: 5
This course had five or fewer comments.
AS.010.318.01
Art in Italy, 1200-1500
Christopher Lakey
Overall quality of this course: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting primary sources and readings, the small
class size, in-class discussions, and engaging lectures. Some students felt that the readings
occasionally were dry. Some students felt that the essay prompts were unclear. Suggestions for
improvement include more specific essay prompts, more discussion, and slightly less reading.
Prospective students should be prepared for a substantial amount of reading and to participate
in discussion.
AS.010.348.01
Art and Faith in Golden Age Spain
Felipe Pereda
Overall quality of this course: 4.29
191
HISTORY OF ART
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included unique and interesting coursework and a passionate
and knowledgeable instructor. Some students felt that there were not enough graded
assignments and that too much of their grade depended on the final. The course was not well-
organized as well. Suggestions for improvement include having more assignments throughout
the course and creating a more structured syllabus and staying true to it. Prospective students
are advised to take this class if they are interested in learning more about art history.
AS.010.351.01
Asian Art After 1945
Rebecca Brown
Overall quality of this course: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a knowledgeable, fair, and challenging instructor as
well as excellent in-class discussions. The lectures were engaging and informative. Some
students felt that there was too much reading and that the requirement to print all of the
readings was frustrating. Suggestions for improvement include assigning shorter, more
accessible readings that the class can delve more deeply into. Prospective students should
know that the instructor's ability and syllabus are outstanding. They should complete all the
readings so as to participate in in-class discussions.
AS.010.380.01
Abstract Expressionism: de Kooning, Pollock, Rothko, Newman
Kathryn Tuma
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the informational and interesting lectures given by the
instructor and the instructor's ability to inspire interest in the topics in the class. Some students
felt that the instructor spoke very quickly at times, and the expectations for exams were
unclear. Suggestions for improvement include making slides outlining the main points of the
lecture and posting them on blackboard, and having more discussion-based classes. Prospective
students should be prepared to do a lot of reading. However, the grading is fair and the
readings are interesting.
AS.101.430.01
History of Roman Art and Architecture
Pier Luigi Tucci
Overall quality of this course: 4.76
192
HISTORY OF ART
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included a passionate and interesting instructor, the lectures and
examples of art given in class, and the balance of the workload with the information learned in
the class. Some students felt that the amount of information necessary to memorize for tests
was overwhelming and that sometimes the grading system was unclear. Suggestions for
improvement include having more information available in addition to the lecture slides.
Students thought that a more clearly structured syllabus would have been extremely helpful.
Prospective students are advised to take good notes and pay attention in class in order to do
well on the tests; this class is very interesting and informative.
AS.010.460.01
The Medieval Art and Architecture of Venice and Constantinople
Henry Maguire
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
This course had five or fewer comments.
193
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.140.105.01-03
History of Medicine
Mary Fissell
Overall quality of this course: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who presented the material in an
engaging way; she told a story rather than simply lecturing. Many found the assigned
readings to be both interesting and engaging. Several students felt there was
inconsistent grading between the different TAs, and occasionally found that information
and expectations were not always presented clearly. Suggestions for improvement
included recording the lectures and posting those recordings online and editing the
slides shows to supplement the professor's lecture material. Future students are
encouraged to attend class on a regular basis and should be aware that the course
focuses primarily on pre-Renaissance European medicine and techniques.
AS.140.115.01
Freshman Seminar: The Laboratory
Stuart Leslie
Overall quality of this course: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included class discussions, which encouraged
participation and provided depth to the course. While some students found the
194
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
required readings to be long and arduous, most agreed that the classes were well-
structured and the grading system was fair and appropriate. Future students should be
aware that although there is a fair amount of reading, the professor is often a generous
grader. Students are encouraged to register for this class if they wish to learn about
some of the principles upon which Johns Hopkins University was founded.
AS.140.143.01
Genetics in Medicine & Society
Nathaniel Comfort
Overall quality of this course: 3.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a professor who excelled at public speaking and
as a result, delivered engaging and interesting lectures. Most students found that for a
100-level course, there was an inordinate and unexpected amount of work. Students
felt that there was a lack of discussion in the course and the large volume of reading
distracted them from understanding the underlying concepts. Students strongly
suggested that the professor should reduce the amount of required reading. Students
considering taking this course should know that while they will learn a lot and the
material is often interesting, they should be prepared to put in the necessary time to
complete all of the work.
AS.140.315.01
Spaceflight and Society: Exploring the History of the Final Frontier
Roger Launius
Overall quality of this course: 4.64
Summary:
Students were extremely happy that an individual of such importance within the
industry was taking the time to teach the elective at the university. They appreciated
the caliber of his experience and were captivated by his lectures. While they found the
professor to be both thrilling and informative, some found that course material was
occasionally repeated and the long lectures tended to become tedious come the end of
the semester. Suggestions for improvement included organizing a trip to the National
Air and Space Museum in Washington D.C. so students can see first-hand what they
were studying. Future students are strongly recommended to take this course, but
should be aware that one's final grade is only composed of three individual grades
earned throughout the duration of the class.
AS.140.321.01-02
Scientific Revolution
Maria Portuondo
195
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
Overall quality of this course: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included weekly discussions in section, which helped
students better understand the material. Students liked the fact that the required
readings were often primary sources from the era being discussed. Some students found
the lectures to be boring, so they suggested that in the future the class should include
more student interaction or visual supplements. Students thought that the structure of
the class should be shaped by "movements of thought" rather than focusing on key
thinkers. Future students should be aware that active participation in weekly sections is
required and are thus encouraged to keep up with the assigned readings.
AS.140.325.01
Cult/Communication/Technology
Robert Kargon
Overall quality of this course: 3.62
Summary:
Students found the best aspects of this course to be good in-class discussions and its
small class size, while several students found the readings to be outdated or dull.
Suggestions for improvement included making the instructor's expectations more clear
and explicit. Future students should be aware that this course is extremely self-guided
and are advised to work on the final term paper throughout the semester.
AS.140.334.01
Science in the Atomic Age
Sharon Kingsland
Overall quality of this course: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a small class size and interesting course
material. Students found that the professor often focused more on grammar and
sentence structure than writing style, which some students found irritating and
unhelpful. Suggestions for improvement included assigning short papers throughout the
term, rather than only assigning one large paper due at the end of the semester. Future
students should be aware that this is a writing intensive course and the readings are
long but essential to prepare students to contribute to the class discussion.
196
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
HUMANITIES
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.300.207.01
A Mix of Voices: Chinese Literatures from Late Imperial through Modern
Victoria Cass
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging in-class discussions, the small class size,
and an instructor with a passionate and interesting teaching style. Some students felt that the
amount of reading was too dense. Some students felt that the readings were slightly
disorganized and changed too often. Suggestions for improvement include a more organized
schedule with less reading. Prospective students should be prepared for about 100 pages of
reading per class and to participate in class discussions.
AS.300.225.01
Blogs and Spies in Shakespeare's England
Elizabeth Patton
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
Summary: The best aspects f the course included the knowledgeable and passionate instructor
and the deep connections fostered between literature and history. Some students felt that the
time given to do readings and the focus given towards each was unevenly distributed. A
suggestion for improvement is a more organized and balanced syllabus. Prospective students
should focus on doing close reading during the class to prepare for essays and discussion.
197
HUMANITIES
AS.300.330.01
Trauma in Theory, Film, and Fiction
Ruth Leys
Overall quality of this course: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a knowledgeable and engaging instructor, interesting
lectures, valuable in-class discussion, and well chosen and diverse resources to portray the idea
of trauma. Some students thought that not enough personal feedback was given from the
instructor and that some of the readings were difficult to follow. Suggestions for improvement
include emphasizing texts directly related to trauma and providing more individual feedback to
the students. Prospective students should be prepared for difficult and potentially confusing
readings and indirect feedback.
AS.300.339.01
Asian American Literature and Culture
Sharlyn Rhee
Overall quality of this course: 4.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included valuable in class discussions in which all students were
able to participate and well chosen readings. Some students felt that there was too much
reading. Some students felt that the essay prompts were too difficult. There were very few
suggestions for improvement. Prospective students should be prepared to read in depth on
time in order to participate in discussion. They should also be aware that the instructor is a
good resource to consult if additional assistance is necessary.
AS.300.341.01
East Asian Cinema
Sharlyn Rhee
Overall quality of this course: 4.22
Summary:
198
HUMANITIES
The best aspects of the course included the choice of movies and the discussions following
viewings of movies. Some students felt that the class was a little too long and that the
discussion and tests didn't apply enough to film. Suggestions for improvement include breaking
the class into two meetings a week rather than one. Prospective students should be prepared
to take a serious approach to film watching and be prepared to participate in class.
AS.300.365.01
Desire in the Fin de siècle
Anne Eakin Moss
Overall quality of this course: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included engaging lectures, open class discussion, and a diverse
variety of readings. Some students felt that the essay topics were not specific enough.
Suggestions for improvement include providing more concrete guidelines to essay topics
distributed earlier to as to give students adequate time to formulate their ideas. Prospective
students should be prepared to keep up with the readings in order to participate in class.
AS.300.371.01
The Modernist Novel: James, Woolf, and Joyce
Yi-Ping Ong
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an extremely knowledgeable and inspiring instructor,
exciting and lively discussions, unique and helpful assignments, and in-depth analyzing of all
readings. Some students felt that there was too much reading and that the amount of reading
was unevenly distributed from class to class. Suggestions for improving the course include
distributing the reading more evenly. Some students suggested a longer class period or fewer
readings so there could be more in-depth discussions. Prospective students should be prepared
for a lot of challenging reading, and they should expect to participate in discussion.
AS.300.403.01.FA11
Honors Seminar
Leonardo Lisi
Overall quality of this course: 4.4
Summary:
The best aspects of this course are the critical discussions and the choice of readings. Some
students felt that the contribution to class discussion was often uneven. Suggestions for
199
HUMANITIES
improvement include more variety in texts. Prospective students should be prepared to
participate confidently in discussions and to read very in depth into a single work.
200
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.650.414.01
Rights in Digital Age
Michael Jacobs
Overall quality of course: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included an approachable professor who seemed knowledgeable
in the field. Students also felt that the topics are covered in class were studied with sufficient
depth. Some students disliked the fact that the course was taught via webcam, but most did
not find that this element of the class hindered their ability to learn or understand the material.
Future students should be aware that the professor's teaching style and notes aptly prepare
students for exams, as long as they pay attention and are motivated to succeed.
EN.650.432.02
Law & Policy Informations Assurance
Michael Lavine
Overall quality of course: 2.22
Summary:
Students enjoyed that this class resembled an online course based on self-learning because it
allowed them to fit the course easily into their schedule. That being said, students were
generally unhappy with the way the class was organized. They found the class to be lacking
engagement and the instructor's apparent lack of interest in the course annoyed and upset
students. Students suggested finding a professor who will take an active role in presenting the
material to the students. They understood that professors may be busy and have other
responsibilities, but still expect that professor to provide proper feedback and communicate
201
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE
regularly. Future students should be aware that generally, students did not recommend this
course. They were unhappy with the professor's constant absence and found the class to be a
waste of time.
EN.650.433.01
Embedded Comp. Systems
George Kalb
Overall quality of course: 3.94
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
EN.650.457.01
Computer Forensics
Eoghan Casey
Overall quality of course: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included hands-on, engaging projects and a knowledgeable
instructor who brought real life experience to class. While the class was fairly challenging,
students enjoyed that the course stressed practical knowledge. Some labs were not prepared
before hand and as a result caused the labs to be delayed or postponed, which students found
to be rather inconvenient and avoidable. Suggestions included allowing smaller teams as to
prevent some students from doing nothing and simply relying on others. Students too
suggested that the class include more case studies and more in class demonstrations performed
by the instructor. Future students should be aware that the class requires a lot of hard work,
but provides a deep insight into forensics and rewards those who work with a strong sense of
satisfaction.
EN.650.640.01
Moral & Legal Foundations of Privacy
Andrew Siegel
Overall quality of course: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included open, in class, philosophical debates and discussions.
Student found that the course provided a good introduction to legal issues concerning privacy.
Generally, students did not have anything negative to comment on other than to say that it is
very difficult to catch up in the class, as a large part of the course is discussion in a semi Socratic
method. Because students had very little that they disliked, they did not provide suggestions for
improvement. Future students should be ware that one's final grade is based on a take home
final and while the class is not extremely difficult, it will challenge one intellectually.
202
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE
EN.650.653.01
Financial Issues in Managing a Secure Operation
Melvin Deguzman
Overall quality of course: 4.86
Summary:
Students found this class to be very practical, job-oriented and informative. They liked that it
provided a deep look into the business aspects of security. This being said, they generally could
not come up with any negative remarks or suggestions for improvement. They did however
recommend this class to future students, specifically those interested in security consulting.
EN.650.736.01
Information Security Projects
Gerald Masson
Overall quality of course: 4.07
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
203
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
INTERDEPARTMENTAL
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.360.133.01
Great Books at Hopkins
Elizabeth Patton
Overall quality of this course: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the exposure to the diverse and interesting literary
masterpieces. Students enjoyed the small group sections that sparked interesting
discussions on the books. Students said the worst aspect of this course was that there
wasn't enough time to spend on each book; therefore, they felt rushed. To improve the
course, students suggested that more time be allotted to each book by either reading
shorter texts or decreasing the number of books read. Future students should now that
this course is not an introductory level course ­ it is designed for student who know how
to write well but want to do literary analysis. There is a challenging amount of reading
and writing.
AS.360.133.02
Great Books at Hopkins
Richard Bett
Overall quality of this course: 4.15
Summary:
204
INTERDEPARTMENTAL
The students enjoyed the interesting and diverse selection of books. They also liked the
feedback that the instructor provided on their drafts; however, they said that there is a
lot of reading ­ basically a book each week. To improve the class, students suggested
shortening the reading list to allow a deeper study and better understanding of each
book. Additionally, they would like more timely feedback. Future students should know
that this is a good class to take if you enjoy reading.
AS.360.133.03
Great Books at Hopkins
Leonardo Lisi
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
Summary:
Students thoroughly enjoyed the professor. They found him brilliant, encouraging,
patient, and thoughtful. His feedback was constructive and helpful. Students, however,
said that there was not enough time devoted to discussing each book. To improve the
course, students suggested spending more time in the smaller sections instead of the
larger lectures. Future students should know that there is a lot of reading and writing in
this class, but it is definitely worth it because it is a good opportunity to be introduced
to great works of literature and thought.
AS.360.133.04
Great Books at Hopkins
Walter Stephens
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
Summary:
Students enjoyed the section discussions on the wide range of books that were read.
Students said that all opinions were valued and that discussions were very systematic.
Students, however, said that there are too many book assigned for one semester.
Students would like to see the number of assigned books reduced by 1 or 2 or make this
a year-long class. Future students should be interested in reading higher level books and
writing analytically and argumentatively.
AS.360.233.01
Feminist & Queer Theory
Charles Phillips
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
205
INTERDEPARTMENTAL
Summary:
Students thoroughly enjoyed the professor. They found him entertaining, encouraging,
organized, and dynamic. Students found that they worked together as a team calling the
atmosphere a `classroom community'. They also felt that the discussions had an impact
on their worldview. Some student commented that there were heavy, technical
readings and others said that there were no bad aspects to the course. To improve the
course, students recommended changing the reading schedule to take advantage of the
weekend for the longer readings. Future students should know that many students said
that this was the best class they have ever taken and it can open your eyes and seriously
change your perspective of the world.
AS.360.246.01
Islamic Literature, Beloved of Western Thinkers
Joseph Bush
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
Summary:
Students found the professor and course intellectually stimulating. They said the
instructor was able to keep the discussions moving fluidly while acting as both an
authoritative figure and a member of the discussion. Students however, did say that
workload was overwhelming at times. To improve the course students suggested fewer
assignments as well as clearer and more organized presentations. Future students
should know that this is a difficult course and that there is a heavy reading workload.
AS.360.624.01
Responsible Conduct of Research (Online)
Overall quality of this course: 4.05
Summary:
Students said this online course was informative since it covers responsible research
conduct and allows you to learn about what other students are doing for research.
Some students however, said the worst part of the course were the time consuming
readings. To improve the course some students suggested improving the online quiz
questions/answer. Future students should read the passages very carefully.
206
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.361.130.01
Introduction to Latin American Studies
Sara Castro-Klaren
Overall quality of this course: 4.06
Summary:
Students enjoyed the small class size and the fact that the course covered a broad range
of topics. The professor was very knowledgeable in his field of study. A weak aspect of
the course was that the professor often did not adequately explain what was expected
of them were thus confused as to how she would grade them. Suggestions for
improvement included splitting the class time into two or three meetings per week,
rather than provided only a single three-hour lecture each week. Future students are
encouraged to participate in class as participation counts towards the final grade. They
should also be prepared to spend a lot of time reading.
AS.361.357.01
Development in Latin America Today: Theories and Practices
Felipe Filomeno
Overall quality of this course: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a professor whose effective teaching style
allowed for an engaging and current presentation of class material. Students enjoyed
the interdisciplinary aspect of the class and commented on the fact that the course
207
LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES
combined economic studies with Latin American studies. Some studies felt that the
professor lost the enthusiasm and interest that he demonstrated originally. They also
did not like the lack of student interaction, and expected more involvement for such a
small class. Suggestions for improvement included adding a discussion section to the
class. Students seemed eager to talk and discuss the readings but felt that they were not
given the opportunity to do so. Future students should know they will not be held
accountable for the readings, but they should study them carefully because it will help
them understand the material being taught in class.
208
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
The Write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about his course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.510.101.01
Introduction to Materials Chemistry
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of this course: 3.49
The best aspects of this course included the quizzes, which helped students review the material
they learned. Almost all of the course materials were available online, which was helpful for
learning the material. Some students felt that the instructor was not engaging and a little
unorganized. Some students also felt that the class moved too quickly through certain topics.
Suggestions for improving the course included making the course more organized and slowing
down the pace of lectures so students could have time to learn the material. Future students
should be aware that students will have to teach themselves some of the material and that a
background in chemistry is helpful for this course.
EN.510.311.01
Structure of Materials
Todd Hufnagel
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
The best aspects of this course included the lectures, which were well-taught, and the reading
quizzes, which forced students to read on a more regular basis and learn the material. Some
students felt that the problem sets were very difficult, and that the material was sometimes
difficult to understand. Suggestions for improving the course included improving the structure
and having more practice problems to understand the material. Future students should be
209
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
aware that the course does not have a curve and that the class requires a lot of time outside of
the lectures.
EN.510.312.01
Thermodynamics/Materials
Michael Falk
Overall quality of this course: 3.83
The best aspects of the course included the lectures, which covered a range of material.
Students also found that the TA, computational modules, and homework were very helpful.
Some students found the topic very difficult, and homework was not always testing the
material but deriving the equations used. Suggestions for improving the course included
teaching more closely to the textbook and having more in class examples to help understand
the material. Future students should be aware that the textbook is very helpful for learning the
material and to take care not to fall behind.
EN.510.316.01
Biomaterials I
Hai-Quan Mao
Overall quality of this course: 4.39
The best aspects of the course included the lectures, which covered a wide range of topics, and
the homework, which helped reinforce the material covered in lectures. Students felt that the
instructor cared a lot about his students, made lectures interesting, and was very
knowledgeable. Some students felt that the lectures moved through topics very quickly, and
the homework were difficult and took a long time to complete. Some students also felt that the
second half of the class was difficult to follow because there was no textbook. Suggestions for
improving the course included having supplemental material for the second half of the course
and having more descriptive presentation slides. Future students should be aware that the
homework takes a while to complete and to do the assigned readings.
EN.510.403.01
Materials Characterization
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of this course: 4.53
The best aspects of the course included the opportunity to take lab tours and to have hands on
access to characterization techniques. Students also felt that the instructor did a good job
teaching the material. Some students felt that the slides were sometimes disorganized and
lengthy. Some students also felt that the exams were much more difficult than the practice
exams. Suggestions for improving the course included having more practice exams and having
210
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
more collaboration with JHAM at Gilman. Future students should be aware that the lab visits
were helpful to the lectures and they should be familiar with basic chemistry and physics
principles.
EN.510.409.01
Melting, Smelting, Refining and Casting
Jonah Erlebacher, Todd Hufnagel
Overall quality of this course: 4.83
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.510.415.01
The Chemistry of Materials Synthesis
Howard Katz
Overall quality of this course: 4.57
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.510.418.01
Electronic and Photonic Processes and Devices
Theodore Poehler
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.510.421.01
Nanoparticles
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of this course: 4.62
The best aspects of this course included the lectures, which gave students the opportunity to
learn about current topics. Students liked that they were able to learn the material at their own
pace. Some students felt that the midterm was too long and difficult to study for because of
the wide range of topics covered in class. Suggestions for improving the course included having
a more defined study guide for the midterm and giving more frequent readings so students
could have a better understanding of the material. Future students should be aware that this
course is an interesting course about nanomaterials with a manageable work load.
EN.510.426.01
Structure and Thermodynamics of Biomolecules
211
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
Kalina Hristova
Overall quality of this course: 3.50
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.510.428.01
Material Science Lab I
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of this course: 4.50
The best aspects of this course included the relaxed and interactive atmosphere and the
opportunity for students to have a hands-on learning experience about useful techniques and
principles in materials science. Some students felt that writing the lab reports was time
consuming. Some students also felt that some of the instructions for some of the experiments
were not well-defined, which made performing them difficult. Suggestions for improving the
course included refining some experiments so students could obtain better results and
increasing the amount of time between experiments. Future students should be aware that it is
important to pick their lab partner wisely, and to start the write ups early.
EN.510.433.01
Senior Design Research
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of this course: 4.12
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity for students to participate in hands-on
research with a lot of support and guidelines. The guest speakers were also informative and
interesting. Some students felt that the usefulness of the class was very dependent on their
research advisor, which was the luck of the draw. They also felt that some of the proposals,
particularly the NSF proposal, were not useful and that some of the lectures were not helpful.
Suggestions for improving the course included reorganizing the Monday presentations and
having multiple options for a proposal format. Future students should be aware that they must
be self motivated to go into lab and that it is a large time commitment.
EN.510.601.01
Structure of Materials
Margarita Herrera-Alonso
Overall quality of this course: 2.62
The best aspects of this course included the lectures, which covered a wide range of interesting
topics, and the lectures notes, which were well written and very thorough. Some students felt
212
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
that the instructor could not adequately explain the concepts to the students and that they
were not adequately prepared for their qualifying exam. Suggestions for improving the course
included having graded homework assignments in addition to exams, to focus the course
material more, and to change the professor. Future students should be aware that it is helpful
to have already taken a course in materials.
EN.510.602.01
Thermodynamics of Materials
Jonah Erlebacher
Overall quality of this course: 4.48
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who was knowledgeable and interesting,
and class lectures, which were informative and included notes which helped students absorb
the material. Some students felt that the amount of homework assigned was excessive and that
the tests were based more on memorization rather than understanding concepts. Suggestions
for improving the course included having a different way to go over the proofs and changing
the homework submission format. Future students should be aware that this course is not
curved and requires a lot of time outside of the class to prepare for exams.
EN.510.611.01
Solid State Physics
Theodore Poehler
Overall quality of this course: 4.60
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.510.613.01
Statistical Mechanics of Materials
Robert Cammarata
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.510.618.01
Electronic and Photonic Processes and Devices
Theodore Poehler
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
This course had five or fewer comments.
213
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
EN.510.619.01
Biopolymers Synthesis
Michael Yu
Overall quality of this course: 4.50
The best aspects of the course included the instructor, who was knowledgeable and was able to
present the course material in a concise and interesting manner. The course material was also
very interesting, and the homework assignments were relevant to both the material learned in
class and real-world applications. Some students felt that parts of the lectures were
disorganized, and some of the notes were difficult to read. Suggestions for improving the
course included making lectures more interactive and trimmed down a little for the sake of
clarity. Future students should be aware that this course requires knowledge of organic
chemistry and that while there are not that many assignments, each one is rigorous.
EN.510.621.01
Structure and Thermodynamics of Biomolecules
Kalina Hristova
Overall quality of this course: 4.10
The best aspects of the course included the lecture material, which was interesting and related
to real-world applications. Students also liked how the midterms throughout the semester were
structured, which allowed them to get a feel of the expectations for the course. Some students
felt that the lectures went too fast and did not cover topics thoroughly. They also felt that it
was difficult to know what to expect on the midterms and the requirements for the final paper
were unclear. Suggestions for improving the course included getting more feedback on what to
expect for the midterm and the final paper, and a textbook for the course. Future students
should be aware that while there are four midterms, only the best two scores count and that a
background in biochemistry and cell biology is helpful for learning the material.
EN.510.657.01
Material science of Thin Films
Overall quality of this course: 4.54
The best aspects of the course included the instructor, who students felt was engaged in the
students' education, taught the course well, and gave thorough answers to student questions.
Students also liked the final project, which allowed students to teach a lecture. Some students
felt that lectures were fast-paced, making it easy to fall behind and felt that there were not
enough practice problems to prepare for the midterm. Suggestions for improving the course
included having copies of class notes available to students and making student presentations
for half of the class period while the instructor lectures for the remaining time. Future students
214
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
should be aware that a basic knowledge of MSE and the mechanical properties of materials are
helpful for this course and that the class is interesting and well-taught.
215
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
MATHEMATICS
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.110.105.01-02
Intro to Calculus
John Ross
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
Many students felt the course was useful and the instructor was very helpful and his lectures were clear
and provided help when needed. There were concerns regarding the sections and that information was
not posted in Blackboard. More student involvement and group help sessions were recommended as
improvements, along with review sessions before tests. The course was generally viewed as a great
introductory math course for prospective students, and future students should know that homework
should be started as soon as possible.
AS.110.106.01-09
Calculus I
Jose Gomez
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
Professor Gomez was viewed by quite a few students as a dynamic teacher, able to keep students
interested in what he is teaching. He goes through the material thoroughly and makes sure everyone
understands. The TA sections were often viewed as unhelpful and better training for TAs was
recommended. For future students, some background in, or familiarity with, Calculus was
recommended.
AS.110.107.01-04
Calculus II
Nicholas Marshburn
216
MATHEMATICS
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
Many students felt the material was taught in an effective manner so that they were able to understand
the concepts. Students were also very positive about the professor's explanation of concepts and use of
examples during the class meeting. The least desirable aspects of the course were the TA sections and
the exams, which had a smaller number of questions that could lead to a lower score if only one
question was answered incorrectly. Prospective students should know that this class is the perfect
balance of difficulty, work, and time commitment, especially for those who don't plan to take further
engineering/mathematic courses.
AS.110.108.01-04
Calculus I
Richard Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Many students stated the course was very comprehensive and the professor's lectures were instructive.
Notes were very thorough and examples given in class were very helpful with understanding the
concepts. Exams were fair and include problems very similar to ones assigned for homework. Students
did have concerns regarding the lectures and how the much focus was on theory instead of examples.
Future students should know that this course is very challenging, but there are some resources that can
help. Also, there are weekly homework assignments and solving the problems helps the students.
AS.110.109.01-10
Calculus II
W Stephen Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 3.30
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the professor who did a good job teaching the course and the good
practice problems and homework that were extremely helpful in learning the material. Students said
the tests were fair and there is opportunity to earn extra credit. The worst aspect of the course is that
the professor moves through the material quickly and doesn't always thorough explain concepts. The
teacher would often just solve a math problem on the board without explaining and teaching what he
was doing. Students also said the professor was not approachable and that he created an environment
that made students uncomfortable asking questions. Other students said that the class required a large
time commitment. To improve the course, students suggested reviewing the solutions to the hard
homework problems during lecture, easier to follow lectures, and more explanation from the professor
when he is solving a math problem during lecture. Students also wanted more communication from the
professor on what to expect from the exam along with partial credit for exam answers. Future students
should have a calculus and trig background. The course and tests are difficult and students will do a lot
of learning on their own. Calculators are not allowed.
217
MATHEMATICS
AS.110.113.01
Honors Single Variable Calculus
Jack Morava
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
Students said the professor explained concepts very well and said his lectures were informative and
interesting. The worst aspect of the course is that the material is difficult and the course is not well-
organized. The professor did not stay on topic and sometimes went off on tangents. To improve the
course students suggested getting a new modern textbook. Also students suggested using a simpler
approach to teaching the theorems. It would also be helpful if more time was spent in class explaining
the `why' behind the concepts. Future students should have a background in calculus along with an
interest in theoretical math and proofing. This course is for students who seriously enjoy math.
AS.110.201.01-05
Linear Algebra
Soomin Kim
Overall quality of this course: 3.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the example problems for homework that mirrored questions
on quizzes and exams, one on one assistance from the instructor, and theoretically engaging lectures.
Some students felt that the instructor was difficult to understand, that the pace of the class was too
quick to adequately understand the material, and that the intensity of the class heavily increased
towards the end of the class. Suggestions for improvement included a more understandable instructor,
practice tests to help prepare for exams, and having a more interactive lecture style so that more
students' questions could be answered. Prospective students should be aware that the class is not
overly difficult but requires review of material before and after the class. It is very theoretical and
requires study of the text book.
AS.110.202.01-09
Calculus III
John Lind
Overall quality of this course: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor. Students found him enthusiastic, dynamic, intelligent,
and passionate. Students also enjoyed the intellectual challenge the course offered. The worst aspect of
the course is that some of the lectures are too theorectical and the grading scheme is obscure. Students
said that points were taken off graded work with no explanation as to the reason. Many students found
the course very difficult. To improve the class, some students suggested that slowing down the pace of
the course, having the instructor present more practice example problems during class, and a better
textbook. Future students should be prepared to independently spend time outside of class learning the
218
MATHEMATICS
material. Students should also have a strong background in calculus since this is a challenging course.
Students should use resources such as the math help room and TA's for assistance.
AS.110.211.01
Honors Multivariable Calculus
Hans Lindblad
Overall quality of this course: 3.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting theoretical approach to the subject, the
intellectual challenge, and the practice tests and notes provided by the instructor which were helpful in
preparing for exams. Some students felt that the class was too fast paced and that the instructor was
not always clear in explanations. They also felt that some practice problems did not relate to the class
work or the exams. Suggestions for improvement included a greater focus on understanding proofs, a
more accessible textbook, and a clearer, less rushed style of teaching. Prospective students are told to
read and practice problems outside of class in order to understand the material.
AS.110.212.01
Honors Linear Algebra
Caterina Consani
Overall quality of this course: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include its exploration into the theoretical nature of math, valuable
lectures, relevant and helpful homework, and fair grading. Some students felt that the teacher and TA's
accents made the material hard to understand, and did not appreciate how students were expected to
fully know how to write proofs before the class. Suggestions for improvement included giving more
practice problems during class. Prospective students are told that it's imperative that they keep up with
the material and the readings and work on their own after class to better understand them.
AS.110.302.01-07
Diff Equations/Applications
Oliver Gjoneski
Overall quality of this course: 4.16
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included clear, straightforward lectures, a helpful textbook, helpful
homework, and a talented instructor that helps convey difficult concepts clearly and concisely. Some
students felt that the tests did not always correspond with the class work and were too lengthy and
difficult. Some students felt that the homework took extremely long amounts of time and was not
always useful towards learning key concepts. Suggestions for improvement include hosting review
sessions before tests, shortening tests and homework, and slowing down the pacing of certain topics
including series. Prospective students should use their textbook as a resource, be prepared for difficult
219
MATHEMATICS
and tedious homework and exams, and attend all of the lectures to guarantee the best possibility of
understanding the material.
AS.110.304.01
Elementary Number Theory
Takashi Ono
Overall quality of this course: 3.47
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting material, a passionate and helpful instructor, and
the flexibility of turning in assignments. Some students felt that the lectures were slightly hard to follow
without the assistance of the book, difficulty in understanding the instructor, and the unpredictability of
the tests. Suggestions for improvement included having more structured deadlines and better
organization in lectures. Students would have preferred if the lectures stayed more on topic throughout
class. Prospective students are told that the class is not too difficult and requires reading of the
textbook. Students should stay on top of the homework and know that the final exam is worth 50% of
the grade.
AS.110.311.01
Methods/Complex Analysis
Mihai Tohaneanu
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the professor. He was concerned that each student
understood the material and was very helpful. Students found the material practical, useful, and
interesting. The worst aspect of the course is that the material can be difficult to learn. To improve the
course, students suggested holding extra help sessions and assigning homework that gives more insight
into the material. Future students should know that some students found this course hard and the
grading a little harsh; however, the professor is willing to help students.
AS.110.401.01
Advanced Algebra I
Jian Kong
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
Students said the best aspects of the course were the organized and clear lectures. It was intellectually
challenging but interesting. The worst aspect of the course was that the professor was sometimes hard
to understand because of his accent and fast pace. To improve the course, students suggested making
better use of section time by including additional problems and review. Future students should be sure
to do all of the homework, have strong math skills, and take Number Theory class before this class.
AS.110.405.01
Introduction to Real Analysis
220
MATHEMATICS
Christopher Sogge
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary
Students said the best aspect of the course was that it was organized and informative. Students said
their analytical abilities vastly improved as a result of this course. They found the instructor extremely
intelligent, helpful and always willing to assist students. The worst aspect of the course is that material
and home works can be difficult. To improve the course students suggested a better textbook and a
slower teaching and speaking pace. Future students should know that this is challenging proof-based
course. Some students say a math background is not necessary to do well; however, others say to take
Calculus III before this course and to know how to read and do mathematical proofs (ex., contrapositive,
contradiction, and induction), know mathematical logic, as well as existential and universal quantifiers.
AS.110.415.01
Honors Analysis I
Maxim Arap
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of this course was the instructor's teaching method. He was very good at
explaining difficult concepts, was enthusiastic, taught at an appropriate pace, and was extremely
accessible for additional help and questions. The worst aspect of the course was disparity in grading
methods between the professor and TA. Also, students said the TA sections were not helpful. To
improve the course, students suggested have more detailed feedback on home works. Future students
should take Intro to Topology prior to taking this course or at least have knowledge of topology. Also, be
sure to thoroughly do your homework since it counts a lot towards your grade.
AS.110.605.01
Real Variables
Joel Spruck
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.110.615.01
Algebraic Topology
Jack Morava
Overall quality of the class: 3.8
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the knowledgeable professor who gave great insights into the more
advanced topics. He used interesting examples to explain difficult concepts. The worst aspect of the
course is that it was difficult to follow at times and was somewhat unorganized. To improve the class,
221
MATHEMATICS
students would like to have a syllabus or rough outline of the course. Future students should know
topology and algebra. It is an interesting course despite having moments of confusion during lecture.
222
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.530.101.01
Freshman Experiences in Mechanical Engineering 1
Steven Marra
Overall quality of this course: 3.33
The best aspects of the course were that the professor was very knowledgeable and
cared about his students, as well as becoming acquainted with MATLAB. Some students
felt the lectures covered topics that were too simple, and didn't cover practical
engineering. Students had trouble with homework because similar examples were not
covered in class. Students felt the class could be improved by being exposed to real life
examples of Mechanical Engineering applications as well as spending more time on the
intricacies of MATLAB. Future students should be aware that this course is helpful in
deciding whether Mechanical Engineering is right for you, and it only requires basic skills
they will most likely already have.
EN.530.103.01
Introduction to Mechanics
Charles Meneveau
Overall quality of this course: 3.86
Students felt the best aspects of this course were that the professor seemed genuinely
interested in the material, practice problems in class were directly related to key
concepts, and it gave students a solid grasp of mechanics. Some students felt the tests
were unfair at times because they were on material covered less than other topics. They
223
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
also felt the homework load was a little heavy at times. Having more interactive lectures
and spending less time on derivations could improve the class. Future students should
be aware that having a background in physics prior to taking the class would benefit
them.
EN.530.105.01-04
Mechanical Engineering Freshman Lab I
Steven Marra
Overall quality of this course: 3.89
Students who took this class really enjoyed the hands-on experience, exposure to
applications they normally wouldn't find in a classroom, and the design project. They
disliked that the material was repetitive from week to week and that the labs took a
long time. Shortening the labs to only the pertinent information, doing more activities
like the design project, and having practice with machine shop machinery would
improve the class. Future students should know the course involves a lot of MATLAB,
but there is no homework outside of class except for the design project.
EN.530.201.01-06
Statics and Mechanics of Materials
Lori Graham-Brady
Overall quality for this course: 4.3
The best aspects of this course were that the lectures were very helpful, well-organized
and thorough, and many example problems were covered. The weaker aspects were
that some students felt the homework course load was a little heavy at times, and the
labs were very basic. They also were disappointed the CPS clickers stopped working and
were no longer used. The class could be improved by providing students with more
guidance on lab reports. Future students should be aware that the course material
builds on itself so help should be sought if they are having issues with a topic; the
professor and TA office hours were found very accessible and helpful.
EN.530.231.01
Mechanical Engineering Thermodynamics
Joseph Katz
Overall quality of this course: 4.01
The best aspects of this course were how captivating and knowledgeable the professor
was and interesting course material. The weak aspects of the course were that the
homework assignments were overly difficult at times, and students disliked that there
was only one midterm. The class could be improved by having a central location for class
224
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
information on a webpage, and having more problem solving practice. Future students
should make sure to attend lecture to keep up with the course material. It is also
important to seek help immediately when there is an issue understanding a topic.
EN.530.232.01
Mechanical Engineering Thermodynamics Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of this course: 2.96
This class does a great job applying class material to hands on experiences. Students felt
the professor was very knowledgeable on the material, but was often hard to reach for
questions. Also, labs reports were found to be time consuming and they were not
returned in a timely manner with useful feedback. The course could be improved by
having better scheduling of the labs and more information on expectations for reports.
Future students should know that the labs themselves do not take a long time, but work
needs to be put in on the final report.
EN.530.327.01
Introduction to Fluid Mechanics
Rajat Mittal
Overall quality of this course: 4.42
The strongest aspects of this course include an outstanding professor, captivating
lectures, and a perfect amount of challenge from homework assignments. Some felt
that more time could have been spent on topics covered later in the semester briefly.
Practice problems with solutions would have been helpful prior to exams to prepare.
The pace of the class was slow at times, limiting the amount of material that could be
covered. Future students should know that attending lecture and taking note of what
the professor says during lecture, in addition to what he writes on the board, is very
important.
EN.530.329.01
Intro to Fluid Mechanics Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of this course: 3.44
Many students enjoyed the hands on practice with testing equipment required by this
lab. Also, the labs were very well planned out and structured in a way that made them
easy to complete and learn from. The weak aspects of the course were that the labs
were not returned in a timely manner which made it difficult to get useful feedback. A
limit on the amount of pages to submit made formatting a more time consuming issue
225
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
than the actual work. The class could be improved by covering material used in the labs
in class beforehand. Students should know the lab write-ups take time to do correctly.
EN.530.352.01
Materials Selection
Kevin Hemker
Overall quality of this course: 4.15
The professor for this course was engaging and made lectures easy to learn from. Lab
presentations were a unique opportunity to have practice for the real world and taught
students efficiently. The "look ahead" homework was often tedious and difficult for the
students to learn from. The Powerpoint presentations were not effective for note
taking. Students should attend lecture to do well in this class.
EN.530.403.01
Engineering Design Project
Nathan Scott
Overall quality of this course: 3.33
Students enjoyed the opportunity to apply engineering knowledge to hands on
experience as well as the design aspect to this class. The weak aspects of the class were
that it was unorganized in terms of communication, so students did not receive helpful
feedback frequently. There seemed to be a disconnect among multiple professors. In
the future, the class could be improved by having clearer guidelines set from the start
and more direct guidance in the design phase. Potential students should know that the
class is time consuming, requiring more than twenty hours of work per week.
EN.530.414.01-.04
Computer-Aided Design
Dan Stoianovici
Overall quality of this course: 4.55
The best aspects of this course are that students acquire a large range of knowledge on
a very applicable real-life skill. Teaching is effective and students completed the course
feeling confident on all of the functions in CAD. The weak aspects of the class were that
the homework in this class was time consuming, and the pace of lecture was too quick
as the professor rushed through a lot of material. The class could be improved by
splitting the one 3 hour lecture into two installments or having slightly shorter
homework assignments. Future students should know that the class requires a very
large time commitment, and it should not be taken during a semester of 18 or 19
credits.
226
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.416.01
Advanced Mechanical Design
Mohammad Dehghani
Overall quality of this course: 4.57
The strongest aspects of this course include a knowledgeable professor that is able to
present information in a useful manner. The material covered in this class is also very
applicable to the real world, and students found they were both challenged and
educated. At times, the workload for this class was difficult to complete in conjunction
with other classes. The class could be improved by having a more organized approach to
the topics covered. Future students should know that this course has a heavy workload.
EN.530.420.01-04
Robot Sensors/Actuators
Louis Whitcomb
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
The best aspects of this course were the very informational and educational labs. The
design project at the end of the semester took a lot of time, and it would have been
helpful if it were assigned sooner. Sometimes students had a hard time finishing the labs
on time, so it would be better if the same topics were addressed in a shorter amount of
time. Future students should be aware that they will predominately be building circuits
and knowledge of programming in C is required.
EN.530.425.01
Mechanics of Flight
Cila Herman
Overall quality of this course: 3.29
The best aspect of this course was hands-on experience building and flying planes. The
weak aspects of the class were that it was unorganized and doesn't have a textbook, so
it was difficult to find information or study. It could be improved by having a set
schedule or syllabus of the material. Future students should take good notes in class and
have a background in fluid mechanics.
EN.530.445.01
Introduction to Biomechanics
Stephen Belkoff
Overall quality of this course: 4.15
227
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
The highlights of this course include a knowledgeable professor with a lot of
professional background, as well as good guest speakers and interesting class material.
There were not many homework assignments, which was good to lighten the course
load. However, this also reduces the margin for error and mistakes were significant
because homework counts for a lot of the final grade. Having more assignments or using
the textbook more often would enhance this class. Future students should know that
background concepts learned from core mechanical engineering classes are utilized in
this course.
EN.530.454.01
Manufacturing Engineering
Yury Ronzhes
Overall quality of this course: 3.93
The highlights of this course include practical hands-on labs and informative field trips
to see real life engineering. The professor was very knowledgeable and enthusiastic, but
was difficult to understand due to his accent at times. Also, students had trouble
preparing for midterms and quizzes because they were a lot more difficult than the
homework. Eliminating some theoretical lecture time and replacing it with more guest
speakers, labs, or practical applications could improve the class. Future students should
know that reading the textbook and attending the lectures will help them do well on
class quizzes.
EN.530.495.01,04
Microfabrication Lab
Andreas Andreou, Jeff Wang
Overall quality of this course: 4.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.605.01
Mechanics of Solids and Materials
Thao Nguyen
Overall quality of this course: 4.29
The best aspects of this course were a well-structured syllabus, engaging lectures, and
challenging homework assignments that solidified the information. At times the lectures
were rushed, and students spent more effort copying all of the notes down rather than
processing the information. The class could be improved if a TA were to review the class
material every two weeks or so, since the material was often presented very quickly or
228
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
without example problems. With hard work and reviews of class material, this class is
fair.
EN.530.621.01
Fluid Dynamics I
Charles Meneveau
Overall quality of this course: 4.19
The best aspects of this course are an experienced professor and a very thorough
course. Students felt well acquainted with all of the material taught. Students would
have liked solution keys to their homework assignments after they were returned,
because there was no way of fixing their errors if they incorrectly understood a concept.
More problem solving and feedback would enhance this course. Future students should
know that this is a self motivating class, since learning will largely be dependent on the
work they put in on their own.
EN.530.631.01
Conduction and Radiation of Heat
Cila Herman
Overall quality of this course: 4
The highlights of this course include a lot of in class examples and a good development
of knowledge about heat transfer modes. The class was disorganized at times and it was
also hard to take notes. The class would be improved if theoretical concepts were better
explained with practice sessions. Future students should know there are two class
presentations on topics of their choice relating to heat transfer.
EN.530.642.01
Plasticity
Jaafar El-Awady
Overall quality of this course: 3.65
The best aspects of this course were covering a wide range of material and helpful
homework assignments. The weak aspects of the course included rushed lectures, and
too much focus on the mathematics of the material rather than the physical
explanations. A clearer textbook, more physics, and a slower pace would improve the
class. Future students should be aware that a background in mathematics as well at
continuum mechanics would be helpful.
EN.530.646.01
Introduction to Robotics
229
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Gregory Chirikjian
Overall quality of this course: 4.12
The best aspects of this course were a professor who excelled at teaching complex
topics, helpful homework assignments, and improvement in one's math skills. However,
some felt the class was a little too theoretical and math based at times, and that the use
of the blackboard was a little disorganized. More hands-on or practical examples would
improve the class. Future students should know that the course load is very heavy.
EN.530.672.01
Biosensing & BioMEMS
Jeff Wang
Overall quality of this course: 4.4
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.676.01
Locomotion in Mechanical and Biological Systems
Noah Cowan
Overall quality of this course: 4.1
The highlights of this course include instructive homework assignments and appropriate
intellectual challenge. Since the class was new, it had some organizational issues.
Students felt the class could be improved by focusing more on main topics where
difficult concepts were addressed. Future students should be aware that they need a
solid background in linear algebra.
EN.530.730.01
Finite Element Methods
Somnath Ghosh
Overall quality of this course: 4
Students felt the course was well structured and computer assignments were effectively
integrated into the course. At times, material was confusing because there was not
enough instruction, the order it was introduced made it difficult, or there wasn't enough
practice or homework on it. More assignments would improve this class. Future
students should know that a background in solid mechanics is assumed.
EN.530.759.01
Research Seminar in Plasticity and Failure
230
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Kaliat Ramesh
Overall quality of this course: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.766.01
Numerical Methods
Alen Alexanderian
Overall quality of this course: 4.24
The best aspects of this course were the instructor's effectiveness and a good education
in numerical methods. The worst aspect of this course was harsh grading on homework
assignments by the TAs. More application of the numerical methods taught would
improve this class. Future students should be aware that some background in the
material prior to taking the class would help them.
EN.530.807.01
Graduate Research Seminar in Fluid Mechanics
Charles Meneveau
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
The best aspect of this course was that it allowed communication between different
graduate research work, so they could see what others were working on and help them
achieve solutions. Since it was held Friday mid-afternoon, some students felt it was not
scheduled at a convenient time. The class could be improved if there were more
presentations. Future students should know that there is no prerequisite for this course,
so if they are interested in graduate research this would be a good course for them.
231
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
MILITARY SCIENCE
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.374.101.01-02
Leadership and Management I
Jeremy Bushyager, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was learning about the management, leadership,
and the military from Captain Wood. He was intelligent and insightful. The course expectations
were clear. The worst aspect of the course was the long midterm that required a lot of
memorization. Some students found the lectures disorganized and boring. To improve the
course, students suggested adding interactive leadership exercises, and assigning multiple
papers throughout the course instead of 1 large paper at the end. Future students should know
that this class is not an easy A. There is a lot of studying and there is a 20 page paper and
presentation that is required.
AS.374.110.01
Basic Leadership Laboratory I
Jeremy Bushyager, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course is the practice hands-on approach. Students
enjoyed the outdoor activities and liked that they were able to train and use Army skills. The
232
MILITARY SCIENCE
worst aspect of the course is that it is time consuming and there is a lot of time spent in
formation waiting to get started. To improve this class, students suggested better
communication and organization. Students also suggested splitting the exams into multiple
exams and splitting the paper into multiple papers. Future students should know that this is a
good course for individuals pursuing a career in leadership.
AS.374.201.01-02
Leadership & Teamwork I
Matthew Dusablon, Shane Seay
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of this course is that it is highly informative and interesting, and
you learn practical knowledge for combat in the field. The instructors were passionate and fun.
The worst aspect of the course is that it is time consuming and you sometimes arrive back late
from lab practicals in the field. To improve the course, students suggested more non-army
focused leadership material and better time management. Future students should be prepared
to engage in class discussions. The class is fair, fun, and interesting and builds leadership skills.
AS.374.210.01
Leadership & Teamwork I
Matthew Dusablon, Shane Seay
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course is that it is highly structured and it provides useful
and practical knowledge for life. The class size was small so students felt comfortable
participating. The worst aspects of the course were the Power Point slides and the pop quizzes.
To improve the class, students suggested more discussion and learning about tactics and army
strategies. Future students should always check the ROTC blackboard before class and come to
class prepared to participate.
AS.374.301.01-02
Leadership and Tactical Theory I
Rolando Rodriguez
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
233
MILITARY SCIENCE
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.307.01
Leadership in Military History
Shane Seay
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of this course was the interactive and insightful method of
teaching the course material. The students found the trip to Gettysburg informative and
memorable. The worst aspect of the course was communication: many classes were cancelled
often without notice and students did not know whether or not there was homework or a quiz.
To improve the course, students said there needs to be an actual schedule that is followed and
more time needs to be spent actually teaching the class and having discussions. Future students
should know that some students found this class interesting and awesome, while others said it
is an easy `A' and it is not necessary to spend time on the outside readings.
AS.374.310.01
Basic Tactical Leadership Lab
Rolando Rodriguez
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the opportunity for hands-on leadership
opportunities. It was taught by passionate instructors who were always available to provide
feedback. The worst aspect of the course was that the labs became repetitive and sometimes
the course was unorganized. To improve the course, students suggested better planning and
organization of lab activities. Future students should know that this class requires a time
commitment beyond normal class hours. Often you need to arrive an hour or more earlier than
scheduled and stay up to an hour later than scheduled.
AS.374.401.01
Adaptive Leadership
Paul Carroll
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
234
MILITARY SCIENCE
Students said the best aspect of this course was the knowledgeable and dedicated instructor.
They said the discussions were very informative and stimulating. The worst aspect of the course
is that it takes up a lot of time and is very work intensive. To improve the class, coursework
needs to be returned on a more-timely basis. Future students should know that this is a work
intensive course which assumes a background in military science.
AS.374.410.01
Advanced Planning & Decision Making I
Paul Carroll
Overall quality of the class: 4.6
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the professor who was extremely intelligent
and engaging. They said it was a strong leadership immersion and the knowledge gained is
applicable to real-world tasks. The worst aspect of the course is that it demands a lot of time
for a 1 credit course and it can be very disorganized. To improve the course, students suggested
better planning, more oversight, and an increase in the credit hours based on the amount of
time the class requires. Future students should know that the course is mostly ROTC cadets and
it is highly work intensive.
235
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
MUSEUMS AND SOCIETY PROGRAM
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.389.201.01
Introduction to the Museum: Past and Present
Elizabeth Rodini
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a clear and structured course syllabus and a
professor who demonstrated interest and showed enthusiasm in the course material
and students' well being. Occasionally, students felt that the readings were not
particularly relevant to the material being presented in lecture and as result found these
readings to be dry. Some students felt that the inclusion of both a final exam and final
project was a bit overwhelming and suggested eliminating one of the two. Future
students should be aware that this course will be rewarding for those students who
have a particular interest in museum study. The course acts as an introductory class and
works to combine art history, anthropology, science history and general history.
AS.389.349.01
Art and the Law
Walter Lehmann
Overall quality of this course: 4.15
Summary:
Students enjoyed how the professor enabled debate and discussion during class, and
found that the readings were well chosen and very relevant. This being said, some found
that the lectures often reviewed the past readings, resulting in dry and sometimes
236
MUSEUMS AND SOCIETY PROGRAM
redundant presentations. Students generally did not have any suggestions for
improvement other then increasing the amount of feedback received on assignments.
Future students should be aware that a significant portion of one's grade comes from
class participation and thus are encouraged to take part in debate and discussion. It is
recommended that students interested in taking this course have some sort of art
history or law background.
AS.389.356.01
Halls of Wonder: Art, Science, and Literature in the Age of the Marvelous
Earle Havens
Overall quality of this course: 4.9
Summary:
The best aspect of the course included students' access to materials in special
collections. Many students liked that fact that they were able to see and touch the rare
books and texts that were discussed and studied in class. Despite the fact that a few
individuals commented on the fact that the class met once per week, for three hours at
a time, there were no specific aspects that students disliked. Some students suggested
increasing the amount of assignments given throughout the semester, as to distribute
the final grade over a more than just a few graded works. Future students are
encouraged to have some sort of background in art or art history.
AS.389.361.01
Introduction to Material Culture: Cultural Education in Early Maryland
Catherine Arthur
Overall quality of this course: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included a small class size which students felt promoted in
depth and engaging discussions. Students suggested that the professor should provide
more prompt feedback on graded assignments. Student should be aware that this
course is very interactive and at times, even `fun', and are encouraged to take this class.
AS.389.371.01
The Artist in the Museum: Making Books
Phyllis Berger and James Abbott
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the freedom by which students were allowed to
work on and develop their projects. Each student is allowed and encouraged to create
237
MUSEUMS AND SOCIETY PROGRAM
their own book, a feat many of them found to be a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
Suggestions for improvement included providing students with a more structured
timeline. They wanted to know how far along their books were supposed to be at a
certain time. This being said, they understood that each project had different needs and
thus a strict timeline may have limited students. Future students are encouraged to
register for this class. All students found the class to be an extremely unique
opportunity; the workload was very heavy and rewarding.
238
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
MUSIC
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.376.111.01
Rudiments-Music Theory
John Crouch
Overall quality of this course: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interactive nature of the course and the
attitude of the professor: fun, laid back, and emphasizes understanding the material. At
times, students felt the material was repetitive; the class was not paced well for the
difficulty of each topic. Adding more structure to the course or a more effective
computer program would improve the class. Future students should know that keeping
up with assignments is crucial to understanding the material. They should also be aware
that there are infrequent but time-consuming homework assignments.
AS.376.111.02-03
Rudiments-Music Theory
Travis Hardaway
Overall quality of this course: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the level of class participation and engagement ­
many activities to keep the students interested. The professor was approachable,
understanding, and effective. At times, students felt the course was boring; however,
some students said the pace of the course near the end of the semester was too fast.
239
MUSIC
Students also found singing and ear-training frustrating. Adding more structure to the
course or a more effective computer program would improve the class. Some students
would like to have optional sessions to work on ear training and singing. Future students
should know that this is a basic music theory class; however, previous musical
experience would be very helpful. It may be a difficult course to take without any
previous musical experience.
AS.376.211.01
Theory & Musicianship I
John Crouch
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.376.212.01
Theory/Musicianship II
Stephen Stone
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were that homework was returned quickly to allow
students to assess their mistakes, instructor lecture was effective, and a lot of class
interaction kept class interesting and educational. Sometimes homework problems
didn't relate to class work or the topics were behind schedule. Some felt the aural
exercises in class shouldn't have been graded because they were too difficult for those
without musical background. Future students should know that the course is very
straightforward and graded fairly.
AS.376.217.01
Music Theory III ­ Song
Faye Chiao
Overall quality of this course: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.376.242.01-02
Introduction to Popular Music
David Smooke, Steven Stone
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
240
MUSIC
Summary:
The best aspect of this was the instruction; the professors were engaging, relevant,
thorough, and fun. The worst aspects mentioned were few and far between, some
mentioned being a lot of genres covered or a bit of a work load at times. Some students
felt the section could be eliminated because regular class time was used so effectively.
Future students should know that the course is highly recommended and no
background in music is necessary.
AS.376.250.01
Introduction to Computer Music
Mark Lackey
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the independent projects; students felt they
learned the most from these assignments. The worst aspect was the amount of reading
and listening required, because it could be overwhelming. Students felt having more
labs would improve the quality of the class. Future students should know that the class
focuses on electronic music, not house, techno, or dubstep.
AS.376.252.01
Jazz History
Alexander Norris
Overall quality of this course: 4.37
Summary:
The best aspects of this course stemmed from the enthusiasm of the professor. Being a
Jazz trumpeter himself, he was able to play examples during class time to enhance
already intriguing material and make it fun. At times, lectures were mainly note-taking
and outlining, which only went over the readings rather than practical applications; this
structure often seemed boring and unproductive at times. More use of technology to
save time and avoid confusion from writing on the board would help improve the class.
Future students should know that the class is highly recommended, but a genuine
interest in Jazz is necessary; a background in music is also helpful for this class.
AS.376.343.01
Nineteenth-Century Piano Music: Forms and Meanings
Sharon Levy
Overall quality of this course: 4.85
Summary:
241
MUSIC
The best aspects of this course were that the course was very interesting and
educational, and the workload was appropriate and manageable. Class time was used
effectively with a professional pianist playing examples and a knowledgeable professor.
The worst aspect of the course was that it only met once a week and the class met for
too long during this one meeting. Meeting twice a week for shorter periods of time
would improve the class. An interest in the 19th
century works or a piano knowledge
would be helpful for students considering taking this course. A background in music is
helpful but not necessary.
242
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.670.618.01
Nanobio Tutorials
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of this course: 4.0
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to read and evaluate important,
current, and varied journal articles in nanobiotechnology, and that the professor fostered the
ability to create a well-structured research based presentation. Some students felt that there
was no record of attendance, and that students therefore were able to not attend the class and
still get credit that present students were getting. Suggestions for improvement including
keeping attendance and getting more faculty feedback. Prospective students should be aware
that there is no necessary background for the class and that it provides interesting insight into a
wide variety of topics.
EN.670.619.01
Fundamental Physics and Chemistry of Nanomaterials
Chia Ling Chien; Denis Wirtz; John McCaffery; Peter Searson
Overall quality of this course: 3.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included its wide range of topics covered in nanobio materials,
its basic approach that lends itself to beginners in the material, and the depth into which the
material is explored. Some students felt that the course was slightly fast paced, and that having
243
NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY
five different professors made it difficult to be engaged in the course. Some students felt that
the amount of topics covered was overwhelming and that the grading system was very unclear.
Suggestions for improvement include more outside assignments and readings to be graded on
rather than just the exams, more organization in the syllabus, and more uniform teaching
methods from the professors. Prospective students should be aware that the course involves
only one test and is very lecture based; their attendance is very important to their success in
the class. It is a good introduction to nanomaterials, but it is challenging and requires a lot of
individual effort.
EN.670.622.01
Advanced NanoBio Tutorials
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of this course: 4.11
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.670.629.01
Cancer Nanotechnology Training Center (CNTC) Tutorial
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of this course: 3.75
This course had five or fewer comments.
244
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.130.102.01
From the Neanderthals to the Neolithic
Susan McCarter
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The students enjoyed the professor. They said she was easy to understand, friendly,
knowledgeable, and passionate. Students found the lectures interesting and the exams fair;
however, they said the lectures can get repetitive and boring. They also said that the grading
can be inconsistent and subjective. A grading rubric and clearer explanation of what is expected
of the class would improve the course. Other students would like to have the power point
presentations available on Blackboard. Future students should know that there is a lot of
reading and that they should take advantage of the extra credit opportunities. Class attendance
is very important.
AS.130.106.01
Freshman Seminar : Ancient Empires
Jacob Lauinger
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
Students found the best aspect of the course were the personalized one-on-one feedback
sessions from the professor. Students found the workload manageable and fair and they
enjoyed the small class size which facilitated class participation and discussions. A few students
245
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
commented that since the focus of the class is very narrow, it made lectures boring and hard to
stay engaged. One way to improve the class would be broaden the range of topics presented
and having more opportunities to earn grades (i.e., quizzes, group project, etc.). Future
students should know that even though the course is called "Ancient Empires", it only deals
with 1 empire: the Neo-Assyrian Empire.
AS.130.135.01
Ancient Egyptian Civilz
Betsy Bryan
Overall quality of the class: 4.5
Summary:
Students enjoyed the video conferences with Egyptology abroad. They found the professor very
knowledgeable, interesting, and experienced. Students however said that the due to the
amount of writing that is done in this course, it should be classified as writing intensive. They
also felt that there was a lot of reading, some of it tedious, for a 100-level course. Ways to
improve the course would be more feedback on papers, making lectures and discussions more
interactive, and decreasing the reading and writing load. Future students should know that this
course requires 2 tests, four 5 page papers, a group project, and weekly readings. It helps to
have an interest in ancient history when taking this course.
AS.130.330.01
Sex and the Garden
Ellen Robbins
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.130.336.01
Human Sacrifice in the Ancient Near East and Beyond
Heath Dewrell
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
Students found the small group discussions intense, interesting and thought-provoking. They
said the professor was an effective leader, very motivational, and very accessible for individual
help. Students found some of the readings very long and found the Biblical references hard to
learn. Future students should stay on top of the reading and not get behind ­ it is very hard to
catch up. They said the class was very rewarding and they were glad they took the class.
AS.130.338.01
246
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
The Talmud as Read in the Middle Ages
David Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.130.343.01
Dead Sea Scrolls-English
P McCarter
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students called the instructor phenomenal, an expert in the field, and extremely intelligent.
They said the workload was perfect and the topic very engaging. Some students said that there
was nothing bad about the course while others said the lectures became monotonous and
lacking in energy. Students would like to have more time in class dedicated to interactive
participation and discussion. Future students should know that the readings are essential to
success in the class and that it is helpful to have some knowledge of Judaism and Christianity
history.
AS.130.352.01
History of Hasidism
David Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students found the material very interesting and the course well structured since it moves
chronologically through time. They said the instructor was extremely knowledgeable. The worst
aspect of the course is that the lectures can be long and boring. Also, some of the reading
material was hard to locate. Ways to improve the class include making it more interactive and
providing power point lecture slides. Future student should know that it is beneficial to have
some background in Jewish education.
AS.130.354.01
Archaeological Method and Theory
Michael Harrower
Overall quality of the class: 2.93
Summary:
247
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
Students found the course very informative on what is needed to pursue an archaeology major.
The small class size was conducive to learning in a casual, relaxed atmosphere. The worst
aspect of the course was that the professor would often get disorganized, lose focus, and go off
on random tangents. Some ways to improve the course would be to streamline the lectures,
use slides to stay organized, and keep discussions on task and focused. Future students should
know that this is not an introductory course ­ students should take other archaeology courses
before taking this one. There is a lot of reading and the course is difficult.
AS.130.373.01
Prophets and Prophecy in the Bible
Theodore Lewis
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the professor. They described him as organized,
informative, friendly, passionate, and energetic. He was a phenomenal story-teller who brought
life to the biblical passages that were discussed in class. The worst aspect of the course is that
the readings can be dense, numerous, and long, the workload can be daunting, and that there
are a lot of ambiguous questions that are left unanswered. Students said the class could be
improved if there was more introduction to the bible and more class discussion time. Future
students should know it is helpful to have previous knowledge of the Hebrew Bible and that it is
essential to keep up with the readings.
AS.130.400.01
Intro to Middle Egyptian Intro to Middle Egyptian
Richard Jasnow
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
248
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
NEUROSCIENCE
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.080.105.01
An Introduction to Neuroscience
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of this course: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the instructor's engaging and witty lectures which are
interesting and easy to understand. Some students felt that there was sometimes too much
information and memorization required for each test in an introductory level class. Suggestions
for improvement include giving shorter tests and as well as suggesting a textbook and online
resources to supplement the lectures. Some students feel that more review sessions would be
helpful. Future students should be sure to attend class, space out their studying, and be
dedicated to the memorization of the material. This is a good class for students considering a
neuroscience major.
AS.080.250.01-03
Neuroscience Lab
Eric Fortune; Linda Gorman
Overall quality of this course: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the hands-on lab experiments, especially the sheep brain
dissections. Some students felt that the focus dedicated to certain labs was uneven, including
too much of an emphasis on electrophysiology and aplysia. Some students also felt that the in-
class lectures could have been more informative and productive. Suggestions for improvement
249
NEUROSCIENCE
include making certain experiments more accessible and user-friendly, especially the
electrophysiology labs. Prospective students should be prepared to attend lab and read their
lab manuals before class. They should know that the grading is fair and that the test and
practical exam are challenging.
AS.080.301.01
Stress and the Brain
Farrah Madison
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a knowledgeable and engaging instructor,
comprehensive lectures, and a small class size which allowed for increased personal attention
towards each student. Some students felt that the PowerPoint presentations seemed confusing
and needed to be more organized and polished. Some students would have liked to have a
textbook or supplementary reading material. Some students felt that the instructor was
sometimes anxious in front of the class. Suggestions for improvement include adding a
textbook or background readings to the class. Prospective students are advised to take the
class; it is a relatively easy and interesting upper level neuroscience class.
AS.080.305.01
The Nervous System I
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of this course: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included very clear and interesting lectures, an instructor who
was compelling and willing to give individual help, and a very interesting syllabus and choice of
topics to learn. Students enjoyed how intellectually challenging the course was. Some students
felt that the instructor's assistant was hard to understand. Some students believed that the
tests were incredibly difficult due to confusing phrasing of questions and the large amount of
information covered per test. Suggestions for improvement included meeting more times per
week in order to better understand the material. Prospective students should be aware that
there is a heavy workload, a lot of memorization, and difficult tests. Students suggested that
having a background in neuroscience and having taken introductory neuroscience classes helps
you succeed in this class.
AS.080.313.01
The Biology of Neural Development
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of this course: 4.59
250
NEUROSCIENCE
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a competent and interesting instructor and students'
ability to choose topics of their own in student presentations, allowing the class to be based on
students' interests. Most students really enjoyed the course and had few complaints.
Suggestions for improvement included providing a little more structure in the outline of the
class and more personal feedback on the assignments. Prospective students should be
prepared to read scientific papers and prepare their own opinions on them in a presentation.
AS.080.324.01
Neuroscience Journal Club
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of this course: 4.6
There were five or fewer comments for this course.
AS.080.330.01
Brain Injury and Recovery
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of this course: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the freedom to choose and present on scientific papers
of the student's choice, the practice in writing responses to scientific papers, and the quality
and content of lectures. Some students felt that there were too many reading assignments a
week. Suggestions for improvement include reducing the amount of written responses required
to readings and providing a clearer syllabus. Prospective students should be prepared for a lot
of scientific reading and writing.
AS.080.345.01
Great Discoveries in Neuroscience
Jay Baraban
Overall quality of this course: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the focus on important and current topics in
neuroscience as well as the instructor's ability to teach how to approach scientific papers. Some
students felt that the grading system was a bit unclear and subjective. Suggestions for
improvement include more clarity in respect to grades and providing a little more background
information concerning the content discussed in the scientific papers. Prospective students
should be prepared for weekly quizzes based on journal articles and a fair amount of reading.
251
NEUROSCIENCE
AS.080.355.01
Visual System
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of this course: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was an extremely knowledgeable and skilled instructor who
engaged the class and was available on a one-to-one basis. The class was also graded very fairly.
Some students felt that the material was sometimes difficult to grasp. Prospective students
should be prepared to have a solid neuroscience background in order to keep up with a fast
paced class; they will be required to read a lot.
AS.080.360.01
Diseases and Disorders of the Nervous System
Guy McKhann; Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of this course: 3.96
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included very interesting topics and guest lecturers prominent in
their individual fields. Some students felt it was difficult to study for exams because of the
number of guest lecturers and the poor organization of topics. Suggestions for improvement
would be to better organize the class so that the material was less scattered and for there to be
a greater availability of lecture material outside of class, such as a podcast or digital recording.
Prospective students should take detailed notes on the individual lectures in order to do well on
exams.
AS.080.401.01-02
Research Practicum: KEEN (Kids Enjoying Exercise Now)
No instructor listed
Overall quality of this course: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the chance to interact with children, which was extremely
rewarding for students. Some students felt that the class took a lot of time out of their
schedules on weekends. Suggestions for improvement included adding more organization and
flexibility into the course schedule so students could work on Sundays. Prospective students
should be prepared to devote time to travelling to the KEEN site, but be prepared for an
extremely rewarding and enjoyable experience.
252
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
PHILOSOPHY
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.150.111.01, 02, 04, 08
Philosophic Classic
Dean Moyar
Overall quality of this course: 3.78
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the great selections of readings and wide range of topics
covered. Students found the professor to be engaging and insightful, but felt the lectures were
hard to follow. The worst aspect of this course was the lack of guidance on how to write the
papers. Future students should know that their grade is entirely based on papers, so this course
is based on reading and writing. Students should also know that lecture attendance is
mandatory.
AS.150.191.01
Freshman Seminar: Philosophy of Love
Laura Papish
Overall quality of this course: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the engaging professor. Students described the professor as
being approachable, friendly, and a fair grader. Students enjoyed the class topics and
discussions. The worst aspect of this course was the difficult and sometimes unnecessary
readings. Students would prefer if the course met multiple times a week instead of one long
class period. Future students should know that this course is heavily based on reading and
writing.
253
PHILOSOPHY
AS.150.201.01-04
Introduction to Greek Philosophy
Richard Bett
Overall quality of this course: 3.84
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the professor's lectures and the
readings. Students like that the lectures covered a diverse variety of topics and enjoyed the
professor's lecture styles. However, students did not like how unhelpful the TA was, and they
felt that the papers were difficult. Suggestions for improvement include having more guidelines
on the papers and eliminating the section meetings with the TA's. Future students should know
that there is a lot of reading, but the course is otherwise interesting.
AS.150.219.01-04
Intro to Bioethics
Hilary Bok
Overall quality of this course: 3.91
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the interesting reading as well as
the class discussions. Students also liked the TA's and thought that they were helpful. Students
did not enjoy the amount of reading and thought that the lectures were a bit repetitive.
Suggestions for improvement include assigning less readings as well as changing the style of the
lectures. Future students should know that there is a heavy workload, but attending lecture is
not necessary to do well in the course.
AS.150.245.01-04
Introduction to Philosophy of Mind
Meredith Williams
Overall quality of this course: 3.09
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the lack of a final exam as well as the
exposure to a variety of topics. However, students did not like the heavy workload, which
included a lot of dense readings and writing. Students also felt that the professor was very dull
and hard to pay attention to during lectures. Suggestions for improvement include making the
readings more manageable and the lectures more interesting and effective. Additionally,
sections were more useful, depending on which TA a student had, so students suggested
making the TA sections more evenly distributed. Future students should know that the
readings are very difficult and a background in philosophy is extremely useful.
254
PHILOSOPHY
AS.150.304.01
The Ethics and History of Human Experimentation
Dan O'Connor
Overall quality of this course: 4.8
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the professor's lecture style and
approachability. Students enjoyed how the course was discussion-driven and felt that the
discussions were interesting and useful. However, students did not like the heavy amount of
reading. Suggestions for improvement include making it clearer which readings were optional
and which were required. Future students should know that the class is highly recommended,
but heavy on the reading. Additionally, no background in bioethics is required to take the
course.
AS.150.313.01
Philosophy of Race and Gender
Laura Papish
Overall quality of this course: 4.59
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the professor's enthusiasm and
knowledge on the topics. Additionally, students felt that the readings were very interesting and
that the class discussions were very entertaining and useful. However, students did not enjoy
how the discussions got a little sidetracked at times and the lack of feedback on writing.
Suggestions for improvement include having more control over the class discussion so to
prevent sidetracking. Future students should know that the course is highly recommended,
but the readings are long and require time to understand.
AS.150.412.01
Kant's Critique of Practical Reason
Eckart Forster
Overall quality of this course: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lectures and the structure of the course material.
The professor was very knowledgeable and good at explaining the course material. Students did
not like that the class was at 9 a.m. Suggestions for improvement included mentioning the
major concepts of each philosopher. Prospective students should know that having a
background of Kant's work is useful.
255
PHILOSOPHY
AS.150.414.01
Topics in Political Philosophy: Liberalism
Dean Moyar
Overall quality of this course: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the course materials and the instructor's lectures.
Students liked the stimulating class discussions and journal entries. Students felt that there was
a lot of dense reading and that each class lasted too long. Suggestions for improvement
included having more outside commentary and news with the readings and taking a more
structured approach to the class. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of
reading involved in the course.
AS.150.420.01
Intermediate Symbolic Logic
Robert Rynasiewicz
Overall quality of this course: 2.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course material and lectures. Students
felt that they learned a lot. Students felt that the instructor was unable to effectively explain
the course material and that the class was too challenging. Suggestions for improvement
included making the homework easier or spreading it out between weeks. Prospective students
should know that the class will be very hard if they do not have a background in proofs and set
theory and that the class is very time-consuming.
AS.150.477.01
Existentialism
Giorgi Lebanidze
Overall quality of this course: 3.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class discussions and course material. The
instructor provided students with different perspectives on the material. Some students felt
that the instructor was unable to interpret the material, that the readings were very dense and
that the class was disorganized. Suggestions for improvement included having more organized
lectures and engaging the students through student-led presentations or an online forum.
Prospective students should know that the reading is dense.
256
PHILOSOPHY
AS.150.484.01
Is Knowledge Possible? : Epistemic Problems, Puzzles & Paradox
Peter Achinstein
Overall quality of this course: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-class discussions, readings and unique
curriculum. The instructor is very knowledgeable and prominent in the field of philosophy.
Students felt that the class was not organized very well. Suggestions for improvement included
having a syllabus and a clearer idea of the direction of the course in the beginning of the class.
Prospective students should know that there is only one paper and test in the course, and that
Professor Achinstein is not an easy grader.
AS.150.490.01
Animal Minds
Ruth Leys, Meredith Williams
Overall quality of this course: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the readings and discussions. The instructor
encouraged the students to reflect on the readings. Students felt that there was a lot of reading
that was hard to understand due to the vocabulary. Suggestions for improvement included
providing a basic guide to each philosopher, assigning less reading and making the length of the
class shorter. Prospective students should know that the articles for this class are human, not
animal based, and that there is a lot of reading.
257
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.171.101.01-15
Gen Physics : Phys Sci Maj I
Bruce Barnett
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the multiple hands on demonstrations in class which were
entertaining and engaging. Students said the instructor genuinely enjoyed teaching and
presented complex information in a way that made it understandable. The course was well
organized and structured. The worst aspect of the course is that the exams are very challenging
and that class becomes boring when the professor reads directly from his notes. The professor
is also hard to hear at times and speaks with a soft, monotone voice. Some sections are not
very helpful due to language barriers. Also, the online homework is often times graded
incorrectly. To improve the course, some students suggested slowing down the pace, reviewing
the test questions after the exam, fixing the errors with the Wileyplus program, and giving
practice tests that better prepare the students for exams. Students also wanted a step-by-step
explanation of answers to some of the harder problems in class. Future students should have a
basic understanding of calculus and derivatives and know that this was a challenging class for
many students. You need to go to each class because attendance and CPS is a large part of your
final grade.
AS.171.102.01-05
General Physics II
Petar Maksimovic
258
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
Overall quality of this course: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is the great professor. He is extremely accommodating and offers
plenty of help and opportunities to succeed. The worst aspect of this course is the difficult
content. Students felt there was too much homework that did not correspond to the exams.
Students also wished that they had more advanced notice of the exams. Future students should
know that this is a difficult and time-consuming course.
AS.171.103.02-10
General Physics I for Biological Science Majors
David Kaplan
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
Students said the best aspects of the course were the demonstrations and the professor.
Students said he was able to explain the concepts on a very basic level and gave good examples
and demonstrations that clarified the material. They described him as interesting, engaging,
cheerful, clear, fair, and concise. Also, the homework problems were appropriate and helpful.
The worst aspects of the course are the challenging material, difficult home works and hard
exams. Also students said the section meetings were not effective. To improve the course
students suggested better review sessions, more effective and useful sections, homework
problems that prepare the student for exams, and more resources for physics help. Future
students should be prepared for a challenging class with homework assignments that require a
lot of time to complete. Also the course moves fast so it is important to keep up with the
readings. Students should have knowledge of trigonometry and calculus. It is beneficial to have
previous physics experience but it is not required.
AS.171.105.01-02
Classical Mechanics I
Norman Armitage
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course were the fascinating and instructive in-class
demonstrations. They said the home work problems were a good review of the material and
prepared students for the exams. The professor was encouraging and had a good lesson plan
for each class. The worst aspect of the class is that a majority of the time was spent going over
derivations and not explaining concepts. Students did not like the professor's teaching style: he
had poor time management skills and was sometimes condescending to students. To improve
the course students suggested reviewing the exams and homework problems after they were
graded. They also suggested more effectively using class time to cover material other than
259
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
derivations. Future students should have a background in physics and math (calculus, vector
multiplication and matrices).
AS.171.113.01
Subatomic World
Barry Blumenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the instructor. He was described as informative,
passionate, and engaging. This is a great course for humanities majors because the instructor is
able to effectively explain complex topics in an understandable manner. Students found the
lectures well-organized and fun. The worst aspect of the course is that the material is very
complicated for students without prior physics experience. Also the homework problems did
not prepare students for the exams. To improve the course, students suggested making the
homework problems more applicable to the course and exams. Future students should attend
each class and know that the workload is average.
AS.171.201.01-02
Special Relativity/Waves
Andrei Gritsan
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the interesting material and well organized and
planned lectures. The demonstrations were helpful in understanding the material. The worst
aspect of the course is that it is extremely difficult. Also students commented that the
homework grading was overly harsh and was not synced with lectures. Students also said the
waves textbook was not helpful. To improve the course students suggested a new waves book.
Also more time should be spent discussing purposes and applications during class. Future
student should know that this is a very challenging course.
AS.171.221.01
Physics of Human Energy Use
Julian Krolik
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.301.01
Electromag Thry II
260
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
Chia Ling Chien
Overall quality of the class: 3.5
Summary:
Students said the best aspects of the course were the easy to follow, engaging, and interesting
lectures. Dr. Chien is a fantastic and enthusiastic professor who is able to clearly explain the
material. The worst aspect of the course is that the homework was often too difficult, poorly
written, and not returned in a timely manner. Also the pace of the course was very fast since
there was so much material to cover. To improve the course, students suggested slowing down
the pace of the course (or restructuring the curriculum so that it covers less material) and
assigning homework that is more reflective of the exam questions. Future students should
know that this is a difficult course with lots of work and man abstract concepts. Also students
should know Calc 3. Some students suggested not taking this course until it is restructured
again.
AS.171.303.01
Quantum Mechanics I
Susan Kovesi-Domokos
Overall quality of the class: 4.1
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of this course is the good textbook and the fact that the course is
well taught and organized. Students said the problems sets were helpful and interesting. They
found the professor resourceful and inspiring. The worst aspects of the course were the long
difficult exams and lectures that moved too quickly and were sometimes hard to follow. To
improve the class, students suggested that the instructor spend more time explaining things to
students instead of writing things on the blackboard. Also students wanted homework
problems that were more reflective of the exams. Future students should know that this class is
difficult and there is a significant amount of homework.
AS.171.309.01
Wave Phenomena with Biophysical Application
Mark Robbins
Overall quality of the class: 4.0
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course is the challenging and interesting material. The
review sessions and office hours are helpful. The worst aspect of the course is that the
instructor rushes through the difficult material which makes it hard to understand. The
workload and reading load is heavy. To improve the course, students suggested more
261
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
interesting labs, better online notes, and providing more problem sets that would help them
understand the material. Future students should know that this is a tough theory-based course.
AS.171.312.01
Stat Physics/Thermodyn
Charles Bennett
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor who did an excellent job of explaining the
material in an easily understood way. He was very effective in teaching the material and
engaging the students. The worst aspect of the course was a textbook that was not very useful
and that the homework assignments did not prepare students for the exams. To improve the
class, students suggested using a new textbook. Future students should know that this is a
challenging and rigorous course; therefore, it is important to attend every class and section.
AS.171.321.01
Introduction to Space Science and Technology
Henry Moos, Stephen Murray
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of the class were the interesting and engaging lectures by the professor and
guest speakers. It is an interesting look into the space industry which covers a wide range of
subjects in space science. The worst aspect of the course is that there was a disconnect
between lectures, assignments and exams. Also the course was disorganized and lacked focus.
During the final presentations, Professors Moos and Murray interrupted excessively to the
point of being rude. To improve the course, students suggested making the course more
organized by having deadlines and criteria for the semester-long project ahead of time. Also
students would like there to be more correlation between the homework, exams, and lecture.
Future students should know this course involves a semester-long mission concept group
project. Also, meet with the professors multiple times while working on the main project to
obtain their guidance and help.
AS.171.333.01
Planets, Life and the Universe
Colin Norman
Overall quality of the class: 2.83
Summary:
262
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
The best aspects of this course were the visiting lecturers who were the tops in their respective
fields. The class material was on the cutting edge of science. The worst aspect of the course is
that it is very disorganized and is more biology oriented. Also the course was disjointed since it
was many different professors teaching many different topics. To improve the course, students
suggested improving the course organization and having the professors instead of TAs lead the
course. Future students should know that the problem sets are very long and time consuming.
It is important to have knowledge of biology, chemistry, geophysics, astronomy, and physics ­
there is a steep learning curve for the course.
AS.171.605.01
Quantum Mechanics
Zlatko Tesanovic
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was the professor's interesting lectures and
teaching style. He is knowledgeable and answers questions thoroughly. The worst aspect of this
course was the lack of a textbook. Others said some of the homeworks were too long and
difficult, and that they were not returned in a timely fashion. To improve the class, students
suggested having a textbook that they can use as a resource. Students would also like more
information from the professor ­ for instance, they would like the solutions to the homework
sets and would like more explanation on what to expect from the midterm. Future student
should know that this class is extremely hard even if you have taken quantum mechanics
before.
AS.172.203.01
Contemporary Phys Sem
Robert Leheny
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Students said the best aspects of the course are the interesting and topical material that is
discussed. They said the professor is engaging, easy to understand, humorous, and inspiring.
The worst aspect of the course was that the material was sometimes too advanced to
understand and follow. To improve the class, students suggested having a longer lecture so that
the material can be covered effectively. Future students should know that there is 1 small
reading assignment per week.
AS.173.111.01-23
General Physics Lab I
263
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.06
Summary:
The best aspect of the course is that all work is completed during lab period; therefore, there is
no work that must be done outside of lab. Students said the work was interesting and the
grading was fair. Also, it provided a chance to improve excel skills. The worst aspect of the
course is that the labs did not coincide with the material taught during lecture and that there
was little to no direction on the lab. Students said the labs were more math than physics
oriented. Also grades were not returned in a timely manner. Many students said that this was
an exceedingly difficult class. To improve the class, students suggested synchronizing the labs
with the lectures, providing clearer directions on experiments, and doing less error
propagation. Students would also like more time to complete the lab reports and not have
paperless labs. Future students should be familiar with EXCEL, partial derivations, calculus,
error propagations, and statistics. Students said that this class can be very frustrating and
stressful since you must complete the lab and lab report during the 3 hour time period;
therefore, you must manage your time wisely.
AS.173.112.01-06
General Physics Lab II
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.31
Summary:
Students said the best aspects of this course were the interesting and fun lab experiments that
provided hands-on experience in physics. Students liked that all the work is completed during
class time and there is no time commitment at home. The worst aspect of the course is that the
labs often ran over the designated time. Also, the labs did not always relate to what was being
taught in lecture class or covered material that had not yet been presented in class. Some
students found the labs poorly structured and unclear. To improve the class, students
suggested synchronizing the labs and lecture so both correlate. Also students suggested
shortening the actual time spent conducting the experiment so more time could be spent on
writing the lab report. They also wanted clearer instructions on writing the lab reports and said
it would be helpful to have an outline of the goal for each lab. Future students should be
prepared to stay later than the designated lab time; therefore, they should not schedule
another class immediately after the lab. Also it is important to read the labs beforehand so you
are familiar with the experiment before going to class.
AS.173.115.01
Classical Mechanics Lab
Morris Swartz
264
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
Overall quality of the class: 3.19
Summary:
Students said the best aspect of the course was that all work was completed during lab time.
They also liked the hands-on experiments that demonstrated the concepts that were being
taught in lecture. It gave students the opportunity to apply the mathematical and physical
concepts learned in class. The worst aspect of the class was the lack of clear direction on lab
procedures as well as the long late lab hours. To improve the course, students suggested better
pre-lab instructions, performing labs that are easier to understand, and having step-by-step
instructions for each lab. Future students should read the lab procedures before the lab
because the work needs to be done quickly and efficiently. There is not much extra time to redo
the lab if you mess up. They should also have an understanding of partial derivatives so they
can perform the error analysis on the lab.
265
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
POLITICAL SCIENCE
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.190.101.01-10
Intro American Politics
Benjamin Ginsberg
Overall quality of this course: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging lectures as well as interesting
discussions on current politics. However, student did not like how there was such little
emphasis on lecture material on the exams. Students thought the weakest aspect of the
class was the grading structure; exams were worth 80% of the final grade. Suggestions
for improvement included placing more emphasis on lecture material. Future students
should be aware that the class involves a lot of reading, but it is an enjoyable course.
AS.190.213.01-10
International Politics
Daniel Deudney
Overall quality of this course: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course are a knowledgeable and captivating lecturer who
thoroughly covers all of the material outlined in the syllabus. However, the reading
requirements were difficult to keep up with. Also, it was hard to know what material to
study for tests. The course could be improved by breaking the class into smaller sections
so more people could participate in discussions. Future students should be aware that a
lot of reading is required in this course.
266
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.190.225.01-06
Introduction to International Studies
Siba Grovogui
Overall quality of this course: 3.66
Summary:
Many students enjoyed this class because the workload was very reasonable. Also,
active thinking was encouraged and students were able to argue both sides of an
argument. However, the lecture topics were often unorganized so it was difficult to
follow them or look back on notes. An outline or syllabus to the course could have
improved it, as well as more involvement in the TA sections. Future students should be
aware that it is a great class, but it is theoretical in nature.
AS.190.230.01-02
Introduction to the European Union
McCartney
Overall quality of this course: 3.45
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the well-organized lecture style of the instructor.
However, the material was often very dry at times, and the expectations for
assignments were difficult to understand. More graded assignments, or better
preparation before exams would improve this class. Future students should be aware
that going to class is crucial to their grade. Also, they should use the textbook readings
and lecture notes cohesively in order to understand the course material thoroughly.
AS.190.280.01-04
Political Persuasion (Classics of Political Thought I)
Jane Bennett
Overall quality of this course: 4.26
Summary:
The highlights of this course were a captivating lecturer as well as interesting course
material. Students felt educated on topics they wished to learn more about and learning
was enjoyable. At times, the material was a little dry or lecture lacked structure for
certain topics. Lecture handouts and more feedback on graded assignments would
improve the class. Future students should be aware that this class focuses on political
philosophy and theory.
AS.190.315.01
267
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Asian American Politics
Erin Chung
Overall quality of this course: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was a passionate professor who was able to keep
students engaged for a long lecture. However, the course load for this course was higher
than anticipated, including readings, weekly papers, a group project, and an exam. Some
felt the level of the course should have been higher based on the amount of work
expected. Breaking up the course into two lectures or scaling down on repetitive
readings would improve the class. Future students should be aware that the group
project requires a large commitment outside of class.
AS.190.327.01
Politics of Information
Renee Marlin-Bennett
Overall quality of this course: 3.76
Summary:
The material discussed in this course was very interesting and kept students
participating throughout the class. However, some felt that a lot of the required
readings, and teachings were too theory based and did not have enough real life
applications. Also, the professor seemed to present controversial topics in a very one-
sided manner at times, making students tentative to participate by commenting on the
opposition. Less reading assignments and more even grade distribution between tests
and writing assignments would improve the class. Future students should know that a
lot of topics will be covered, and that the class requires a solid amount of work.
AS.190.329.01
National Security-Nuclear Age
Steven David
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were a knowledgeable professor that was able to
present complex scenarios effectively. The exams were difficult and graded strictly. The
course could be improved by having more small assignments between exams. Future
students should know that this was claimed to be many students' favorite class they had
taken at Hopkins, but it is by no means an easy A as a heavy workload is required.
268
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.190.333.01
Amer Constitutional Law (AP/LP)
Joel Grossman
Overall quality of this course: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of the course was the work required since it was always engaging,
required one to apply knowledge to case studies, and was never simply busy work that
was never required later in the course. Some students felt the professor did not
organize the class structure well at times. More class discussion and fewer readings
would improve the class. Future students should know that grading is tough, but it is a
great course.
AS.190.337.01
The Constitution and the Criminal Justice System
Joel Grossman
Overall quality of this course: 3.98
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were a lighter course load than the typical Hopkins class,
as well as topics that were fascinating. The worst aspects were dense readings, as well
as grading based only on a midterm and final. The class could be improved by having
more student interaction in class with discussions. Future students should know that
attending lecture and doing the readings is important to stay current with the course
material.
AS.190.339.01
American Racial Politics
Lester Spence
Overall quality of this course: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were an engaging professor, dynamic lectures, and
involvement through in-class discussions. At times, the readings for the class could be a
little heavy or and there wasn't a lot of feedback on work. Outlining topics and relating
topics to one another could improve the class. Future students should know that it is a
great class to take but they will be challenged by the material and work.
AS.190.343.01-04
Nationalism
Michael Hanchard
269
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Overall quality of this course: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was a wide variety of course material covered. However,
sometimes the readings were too long or irrelevant to the lectures. Organizing the
course material better or having more relevant lectures that were related to the exam
would improve the class. Future students should know that the class is very theoretically
based and the exams are based on the readings.
AS.190.344.01
Seminar in Anti-Semitism
Benjamin Ginsberg
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was a knowledgeable and approachable professor who
inspired interest in the course. Some students did not enjoy the organization of the
class, where students give presentations to educate others on course material rather
than direct lecture from the professor. Also, the depth of information acquired by
students is dependent on how much they invest in the course, since readings are only
required for the week they are to present to the class. Giving students more feedback
throughout the semester would improve the class. Future students should know that
the course load is light for a Hopkins course and the material is engaging.
AS.190.384.01
Urban Politics & Policy
Lester Spence
Overall quality of this course: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the discussion based setting and the subject
matter. Students felt comfortable sharing their opinions on various issues while still
receiving input on the validity of their claims from the professor. At the same time, the
subject matter of the course was interesting and readings were relevant to course work.
Some weeks the reading required was very heavy and difficult to complete. Also, some
students anticipated certain topics to be covered in this class that are covered in the
second half of the course. Quicker feedback on work would help improve the class.
Future students should know that the final project is time consuming, but the class is
highly recommended.
AS.190.389.01
270
POLITICAL SCIENCE
A Seminar on the Institutional Development of the Congress and Presidency
Joseph Cooper
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor, who engaged students during class
time and was genuinely dedicated to seeing his students succeed. Some felt class time
was a little too long, and that lectures seemed to lose momentum at times. Including
students more in discussion rather than just lecturing could improve the class. Future
students should know that there is a lot of reading involved for the class, but the
professor is extremely knowledgeable.
AS.190.398.01
Politics of Good & Evil
William Connolly
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.190.405.01
Food Politics
Adam Sheingate
Overall quality of this course: 4.78
Summary:
The highlights of this course include an excellent lecturer, successful integration of
current topics into the course material, and an educational field trip. Some felt the class
readings were a bit dense and lengthy. Also, the topics assigned for short papers were
often a little broad to include in one concise paper properly. Balancing the readings over
a multitude of topics, rather than focusing on some more than others, would help
improve the class. Future students should know that there are no tests so grades are
based on papers and class participation.
AS.190.411.01
Environment and Development in the Third World
Margaret Keck
Overall quality of this course 4.25
Summary:
271
POLITICAL SCIENCE
The best aspect of this course was in class discussion on the weekly readings. However,
some felt the readings were too long certain weeks and difficult to get through while
still retaining the information. More class structure and organizing readings around
presentations would improve the class. Future students should know that the final
paper is extremely important to their final grade and they therefore should make sure
they get their work done in a timely manner.
AS.190.422.01-.06
Republicanism
Daniel Deudney
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professor, since he was able to portray the
information required of the course in an engaging. The material was also primarily
based on his own research so he was well versed in it. Some felt the course lacked a bit
of structure, whether it was moving section meeting times around, announcing review
sessions too close to their actual time, or an unknown date and time of the final. Having
more similar discussion between sections with different TA's would improve the class.
Future students should know that attending lecture is important because there is
information discussed in class that can't be found in the readings.
AS.190.424.01
Policy Disasters
Steven Teles
Overall quality of this course: 4.95
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the topic choice, assigned readings, and the
lectures. However, sometimes the readings were too long and difficult to complete
week to week. Focusing more on specific topics from each book read in order to enable
more topics to be covered would improve the class. Future students should know that
there is a lot of reading involved in this class but the grading is fair.
AS.191.326.01
Sex, Gender and War
Lauren Wilcox
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
272
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.191.335.01
Arab-Israeli Conflict (IR)
Robert Freedman
Overall quality of this course: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the course content and the depth of knowledge of
the professor. The worst aspects are the fact that there are only two grades (midterm
and final) and the reading can be a bit heavy at times. Changing the grading system to
including a paper as well as class discussion would improve the class. Also, the textbook
and required books for the class ended up being a bit pricey. Future students should
know they could take this class even if they don't have prior knowledge on the topic.
AS.191.345.01
Russian Foreign Policy (IR)
Robert Freedman
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the material and the integration of current events
into the topics being studied. Sometimes the readings didn't seem to correlate with
course material, and feedback was hard to come by since there weren't a lot of
assignments (just a midterm and final). More graded assignments to breakdown grades
evenly, as well as spending equal time on all topics rather than focusing on some more
than others for weeks would help improve the class. Students should be aware that
there is a 20 page final paper due at the end of the semester than they should begin to
work on as soon as possible.
AS.191.354.01
History of US Latin American Relations
Wayne Smith
Overall quality of this course: 3.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were strong lectures and a professor who had a lot of
first-hand experience with the material. The worst aspects were that grades were based
on just a midterm and final; students disliked that minute fact memorization was crucial
to succeeding on exams. Having a paper to analyze numerous class themes or having
discussion in class rather than just lecture would improve the course. Future students
should know that since there are only two grades for the class, it is important to be well
versed in all of the readings and topics covered in class.
273
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.191.355.01
The Military in American Politics
Adler
Overall quality of this course: 3.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were a knowledgeable professor and interesting course
material. The worst aspects were forced in class discussions and having a final paper due
the same day as the final exam. Lightening the work load a bit to make focusing on
readings easier would improve the class, as well as eliminating either the final paper or
exam. Future students should know that the class period is long, there are weekly
papers, and a decent background in military history would be helpful.
AS.191.366.01
Chinese Domestic Politics
Gaye Christoffersen
Overall quality of this course: 3.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were as follows; readings that were well rounded and
pertained to course material, a very educational research paper assignment, and in class
discussions. The worst aspects of the class were ineffective power point slides, a
condescending professor at times, and lectures that ran late frequently. Adding more
structure to the lectures and including more analysis of the material would improve the
course. Future students should know that this is a very informative and interesting
course; a background in the subject matter can be helpful but is not required.
AS.191.368.01
International Relations of the Asia-Pacific
Gaye Christoffersen
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.369.01
Athenian Democracy
Peter Livingston
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
274
POLITICAL SCIENCE
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.370.01
Theories of International Political Economy
Isaac Kamola
Overall quality of this course: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were lectures that further explained required readings
and good in class discussions. The worst aspect was that the class time seemed to be
too long, dragging on lecture and making time unproductive. More student
engagement, more group work, and shortening lecture would improve the class. Future
students should know that there is a lot of reading required for this course.
AS.191.371.01
Theorists of African National Liberation
Isaac Kamola
Overall quality of this course: 3.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.375.01
Thinking Organizationally
Steven Teles
Overall quality of this course 4.38
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was a professor who presented information in a way
conducive to learning. At times, there was a lot of reading to keep up with. More in class
discussions, as well as breaking up assignments into smaller ones would improve the
class. Future students should know that the professor inspires students to learn and a
background in politics, while helpful, is not necessary.
AS.191.376.01
Public Policy Writing
Kathryn Wagner Hill
Overall quality of this course: 4.23
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
275
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.191.379.01
Thinking Strategically
Karl Mueller
Overall quality of this course: 4.42
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.381.01
Thinking Politically
Steven Teles
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.382.01
Thinking Economically
Paul Dockins
Overall quality of this course: 4.17
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.384.01
Thinking Legally
Michael Greve
Overall quality of this course: 4.50
This course had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.390.01
Terrorism and Counterterrorism
Max Abrahms
Overall quality of this course: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor's teaching style ­ lectures and in-class
debates were engaging, and grades were based on participation in discussion as well as
a final paper. At times, the course readings were a bit lengthy or didn't seem to directly
pertain to the course material. More feedback on student work, as well as professor
276
POLITICAL SCIENCE
involvement in class would improve the class. Future students should know that the
class isn't particularly difficult, but a lot of work is expected of those enrolled.
AS.191.402.01
Numbers, Pictures, Politics
No Professor Listed
Overall quality of this course: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professors, as both were interesting to learn from
and enthusiastic for the course. Sometimes topics were not fully understood, as the
class was long and sometimes they were only covered once. More feedback, as well as a
better structure to the course would help improve it in the future. Future students
should know that there is a large project due at the end of the semester that they
should start as soon as possible.
AS.191.421.01
A Normal Country German Politics and Identity
Fabian Bauwens
Overall quality of this course: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that students felt it was very comprehensive- the
topics were very interesting, insightful, and instructive. At times class discussion did not
yield useful information, and sometimes the readings were difficult to complete. A few
less readings as well as more professor involvement in discussions would help improve
the class. Future students should know the class requires them to be capable of
independent thought, and that the course is very thorough.
277
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNCIATION
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.661.110.01
Professional Communication for Business, Science, and Industry
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of this course: 4.3
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the professor, who was
extremely approachable and friendly, as well as the feedback on assignments. Students
felt that they learned a lot of important skills and real life application of these skills.
However, students felt that the workload was overwhelming and that the deadlines
were too close to one another. Suggestions for improvement include reducing the
number of assignments and including TAs to assist with grading. Future students should
be aware of the workload and the time commitment. However, the skills that the
students learn will be beneficial as they enter the work force.
EN.661.110.02
Professional Communication for Business, Science, and Industry
Nora Frenkiel
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the professor as well as the
skills they learned. Students felt the professor's passion to teaching helped students
learn the skills much faster. However, students did not enjoy the structure of the
assignments, which they felt were not spaced out evenly throughout the semester.
278
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNCIATION
Suggestions for improvement include using a TA as well as more instructor feedback on
assignments. Future students should be ware that there is a lot of writing and class
participation required of the students. However, students will learn important skills for
the professional world.
EN.661.110.03
Professional Communication for Business, Science, and Industry
Eric Vohr
Overall quality of this course: 3.74
Summary:
Students felt that one of the best aspects of the course was the extent of skills students
learned throughout the semester. Students agreed that the writing skills would be
applicable to the real world. However, students felt that the weakest aspects of the
course were the professor's disorganization and the poor communication with the
professor. Students did not feel comfortable approaching the professor and did not
enjoy the way he structured his classes. Suggestions for improvement include more
student feedback, rubrics for assignments, better organization of class time, and
accessibility to the professor. Future students should be aware that much of the work is
not graded, but part of the "participation" aspect of the grade; therefore, students felt
that the grading seemed subjective.
EN.661.110.04
Professional Communication for Business, Science, and Industry
Donald McNeilly
Overall quality of this course: 3.37
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the enthusiastic professor as
well as the light workload. Students enjoyed the professor's teaching style and felt that
they learned how to be stronger writers. However, students felt that the worst aspects
were the lack of intellectual challenges and lack of graded assignments. Students also
agreed that the class structure was disorganized and that the professor was often
distracted. Suggestions for improvement include implementing oral presentations into
the syllabus as well as more writing assignments. Future students should know that the
course has an extremely light work load.
EN.661.110.05
Professional Communication for Business, Science, and Industry
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of this course: 4.17
279
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNCIATION
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the immediate feedback
from the professor as well as the practicality of the skills learned. Students enjoyed the
range of assignments as well as the friendly class atmosphere. However, students felt
that there were some unnecessary assignments during the semester. Suggestions for
improvement include less sentence diagramming and specific directions regarding
assignments. Future students should know that the workload is not light, but the course
is a great introduction to professional writing.
EN.661.110.06
Professional Communication for Business, Science, and Industry
Eric Vohr
Overall quality of this course: 3.74
Summary:
Students felt that one of the best aspects of the course was the extent of skills students
learned throughout the semester. Students agreed that the writing skills would be
applicable to the real world. However, students felt that the weakest aspects of the
course were the professor's disorganization and the poor communication with the
professor. Students did not feel comfortable approaching the professor and did not
enjoy the way he structured his classes. Suggestions for improvement include more
student feedback, rubrics for assignments, better organization of class time, and
accessibility to the professor. Future students should be aware that much of the work is
not graded, but part of the "participation" aspect of the grade; therefore, students felt
that the grading seemed subjective.
EN.661.110.07
Professional Communication for Business, Science, and Industry
Nora Frenkiel
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the professor as well as the
skills they learned. Students felt the professor's passion to teaching helped students
learn the skills much faster. However, students did not enjoy the structure of the
assignments, which they felt were not spaced out evenly throughout the semester.
Suggestions for improvement include using a TA as well as more instructor feedback on
assignments. Future students should know that there is a lot of writing and class
participation required of the students. However, students will learn important skills for
the professional world.
280
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNCIATION
EN.661.111.01
Professional Communication for ESOL Students
Donald McNeilly
Overall quality of this course: 3.8
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the professor and the sections.
Students thought that the professor was approachable and led helpful workshop
sessions. Students did not enjoy the lack of academic challenges and how busy the
professor always seemed. Suggestions for improvement include having the professor
respond to students more promptly as well as adding a teaching assistant to help the
students when the professor is unavailable. Future students should know that this
course will help improve your writing skills despite the light workload. Furthermore,
students should be aware of the fact that classes are often cancelled.
EN.661.150.01-02
Oral Presentations
Kevin Dungey
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the student presentations as well
as the interactive nature of the course. Students agreed that the professor offered good
feedback on assignments, which helped students become better speakers. Students did
not like how often the syllabus strayed from the original deadlines and assignments.
Suggestions for improvement include having a more consistent syllabus as well as
spending more time in class focusing on particular exercises. Future students should
know that they must put in the time to receive a good grade. However, all of the work
is worth it as the course will definitely make students better presenters.
EN.661.150.03
Oral Presentations
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of this course: 4.73
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the class feedback, discussions,
and classroom experience. Students agreed that the ability to interact with one another
and practicing speeches every week helped them become better speakers. Students did
not enjoy the amount of work and felt that the workload was slightly above average.
281
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNCIATION
Suggestions for improvement include having students evaluate the speaker as well as
more self-evaluations. Future students should know that there is a lot of work that goes
into presenting a presentation; although the course may meet only once a week,
preparation takes a couple hours outside of the classroom.
EN.661.150.04
Oral Presentations
Jason Heiserman
Overall quality of this course: 4.91
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the practicality of the skills
learned as well as the small class structure. Students agreed that the course helped
improve their public speaking skills. Students did not enjoy the amount of preparation
they had to do prior to presentations. Suggestions for improvement include having
more self-evaluation for each presentation as well as expanding the professor's office
hours. Future students should know that the course is not an easy "A", but hard work
and practice will make the class worth it.
EN.661.150.05
Oral Presentations
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of this course: 4.82
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the useful knowledge they
learned as well as the strong feedback students received from their peers and professor.
Students agreed that they gained real-life knowledge that can be applicable to any
aspect of life, especially in the workforce. Students did not enjoy the time commitment,
especially outside of the classroom. Suggestions for improvement include staying on
the set syllabus as well as having classmates pick topics for each other. Future students
should know that the class is worth taking, provided that students will be able to put the
necessary time into their speeches and take the constructive criticisms from their
classmates.
EN.661.150.06
Oral Presentations
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of this course: 4.56
Summary:
282
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNCIATION
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the opportunity to redo a "weak"
presentation as well as the applicable real world skills they gained. Students did not
enjoy the long readings, which they considered unnecessary. Students also felt that the
grading system seemed arbitrary and unclear. Suggestions for improvement include
offering more consistent feedback and providing a clearer rubric for grading the
presentations. Future students should know that there is a weekly presentation and
that the grading system is not systemized.
EN.661.150.07-08
Oral Presentations
Andrew Kulanko
Overall quality of this course: 4.32
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the feedback they received
from the professor and other students. Students enjoyed the opportunity to watch
videos of their presentations and felt that doing so helped them improve their skills.
Students agreed that the quizzes were unnecessary and other assignments seemed like
"busy work". Suggestions for improvement include eliminating the quizzes and letting
students know where they stand regarding their grades throughout the semester.
Future students should know that preparing for presentations requires a large time
commitment and that the weekly readings add to the workload.
EN.661.315.01
The Culture of the Engineering Profession
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of this course: 4.43
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the writing assignments and
classroom discussions. Students agreed that the small course size was helpful as it
enabled the instructor to offer detailed feedback. Students did not enjoy the arbitrary
grading system and felt that the end of the semester had too much work. Students also
felt that there were too many assignments throughout the semester. Suggestions for
improvement include using Blackboard more as well as staying on track with the
syllabus. Future students should know that the workload is heavy, but the course is
useful in building writing skills.
EN.661.410.01
Research Writing
Donald McNeilly
283
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNCIATION
Overall quality of this course: 5.0
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.661.425.01
Ethics of Biomedical Innovation
Elizabeth Logsdon; Eric Rice; Feilim Mac Gabhann; Youseph Yazdi
Overall quality of this course: 5.0
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.661.610.01
Research Writing
Donald McNeilly
Overall quality of this course: 4.11
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the professor's feedback as
well as the classroom dynamics. Students thought there was an appropriate workload
and that the professor made the two-hour long class interesting. Students did not enjoy
the lack of organization of the class. Suggestions for improvement include more reading
assignments and providing more examples of "good papers". Future students should
know that students do not need any perquisites to enter the course and that the course
will teach you the basics of writing an effective paper.
EN.661.611.01
Professional Communication for ESOL Students
Donald McNeilly
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.661.612.01
Professional Communication for ESOL Students: Financial Math
Laura Davis
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
This course had five or fewer comments.
EN.661.612.02
284
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNCIATION
Professional Communication for ESOL Students: Financial Math
Denise Link-Farajali
Overall quality of this course: 4.77
This course had five or fewer comments.
285
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.200.101.01
Intro to Psychology
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of this course: 3.99
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the lectures and lack of
homework. Students agreed that Professor Drigotas ensured that the lectures were
entertaining and helpful. Students did not enjoy the exam styles and felt that the exams
were meant to trick students. Students also felt that there were too may students
enrolled in the lecture course. Suggestions for improvement include better-written and
more explicit exam questions and adding more incentives to attend lectures. Future
students should be aware that the course is very interesting, but the exams are
extremely tricky and that attendance is important as exam questions come straight from
the lectures.
AS.200.132.01
Intro to Developmental Psychology
Lisa Feigenson
Overall quality of this course: 4.45
Summary:
Students agreed that the strongest aspects of the course were the content of the
lectures as well as the professor herself. Students enjoyed the professor's lecture style
286
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
and thought that the PowerPoint's were very useful. Students did not enjoy how
lectures were not posted on Blackboard. Students also felt that there was not enough
guidance for the writing assignments. Suggestions for improvement include providing
more office hours, making the lectures available online, and giving more directions for
the essays. Future students should know that attendance is required and students
should complete the reading assignments.
AS.200.141.01
Intro to Physiological Psychology
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of this course: 4.31
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the interesting topics as well
as the professor's lecturing style. Students appreciated how the lectures were recorded
and the lecture slides were posted online. Students did not enjoy the amount of
memorization they had to do, as the material was dense and complicated. Additionally,
students agreed that the professor spoke quickly, therefore making it difficult to take
notes in class. Suggestions for improvement include having the professor speak slower
during lectures and making the duration of the course shorter. Future students should
know that there is a lot of information covered in each lecture so studying for exams is
time-consuming and that the textbook is not required for the course.
AS.200.159.01
Evolutionary Psychology
Howard Egeth
Overall quality of this course: 3.73
Summary:
Students enjoyed the materials covered in the course as well as the professor's choice of
readings. Students did not enjoy how grades were based off few assignments and felt
that the classroom discussions were lacking at times. Suggestions for improvement
include having more interaction between the professor and the students. Students
agreed that increasing the class size could help increase and encourage student
participation. Future students should know that the course is reading-intensive and
students should be interested in the topic in order to prevent boredom.
AS.200.204.01-02
Human Sexuality
Chris Kraft
Overall quality of this course: 4.64
287
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the professor's teaching
style as well as the interesting course topics. Students agreed that the lectures did not
feel as long as they actually were because the material and the professor were
extremely interesting. Students did not enjoy how much the final paper was worth, as
they felt that there was too much pressure to do well. Suggestions for improvement
include making the class Writing Intensive as well as having more discussions in class.
Future students should know that the course is not only interesting and straightforward,
but it also has a fair and manageable amount of work.
AS.200.207.01-04
Analysis Psychology Data Lab
Howard Egeth
Overall quality of this course: 3.55
Summary:
Students enjoyed the straightforward nature of the course as well as the group projects.
Students felt that the assignments and exams were conducive to their understanding of
the material. Students did not like the high price of the textbook and felt that the
workload was too heavy. Furthermore, students agreed that the expectations for the
assignments were unclear and that the TA's had varying grading standards, thereby
making the grading system unfair. Suggestions for improvement include providing
clearer examples for each assignment as well as making the class meet more than just
once a week. Future students should know that there is a heavy workload and the
course is extremely time-consuming.
AS.200.209.01
Herbert Petri
Evolutionary Mechanisms of Human Behavior
Overall quality of this course: 4.17
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of the course were the assignments and lectures.
Students enjoyed the professor's lecture style and felt that the course was intellectually
stimulating. Students did not enjoy how the class was structured into meeting once a
week. Suggestions for improvement include ending lectures on time as well as splitting
up the class meeting times. Future students should know that there is not a large
workload, but students should take advantage of the ability to submit drafts for each
exercise.
AS.200.212.01
288
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Abnormal Psychology
Aaron Noonberg
Overall quality of this course: 4.07
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the interesting material as
well as the professor's engaging teaching style. Students liked that the tests were
noncumulative and that there was no homework. Students did not enjoy how their
grades were based on four tests and felt that there was too much reading for each test.
Students also felt that the professor was unorganized and did not like how he did not
use slides. Suggestions for improvement include ensuring that the lectures are more in
line with the information in the textbook as well as offering a paper to help improve the
grades of students who are bad test takers. Future students should know that going to
class is essential to doing well on the exams and doing the readings is very useful.
AS.200.308.01
Neurobiology of Learning and Memory
Michael Yassa
Overall quality of this course: 4.64
Summary:
Students enjoyed the comprehensive course topics that Professor Yassa covered
throughout the semester. Students felt that the lectures were well organized and that
the professor's enthusiasm for the material was contagious. Students did not like how
the lectures went over the allotted time, as many students were often late to their next
class. Suggestions for improvement include offering more feedback on exams and
quizzes as well as posting lecture slides earlier. Future students should know that there
is no curve, but the class is fair. Although there is a lot memorization that students must
do to excel on tests, the professor and the textbook are extremely helpful.
AS.200.309.01
Herbert Petri
Evolutionary Mechanisms of Human Behavior
Overall quality of this course: 4.48
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of the course were the interesting lectures as well
as the professor's engaging teaching style. However, students did not enjoy how long
the course was. Suggestions for improvement include meeting more often throughout
the week for shorter amounts of time. Additionally, students would like to receive more
feedback for their assignments. Future students should know that the exams cover a lot
289
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
of material, but are fairly straightforward. Furthermore, future students should be
aware that the textbook is a great supplement to the lectures.
AS.200.310.01
Susan Courtney-Faruqee
Neural Basis of Cognitive Control
Overall quality of this course: 4.18
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of the course were the interesting subject
material as well as the range of topics covered throughout the semester. Students did
not enjoy how long the lectures were and felt that the grading rubric was never made
clear. Suggestions for improvement include making clearer grading rubrics and having
the course meet twice a week, rather than once a week. Future students should know
that a background of neuroscience is important, as the course is fairly fast-paced.
Furthermore, students should be aware of the heavy workload of the course.
AS.200.316.01
Jonathan Flombaum
Thought and Perception
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of the course were the engaging class discussions
as well as the professors' extensive knowledge of the subject material. Students did not
enjoy how dense the readings were and felt that the discussion-based nature of the
course was not beneficial at times when the material was too challenging. Suggestions
for improvement include reducing the number of articles in each class period as well as
increasing the number of times the course met throughout the week. Future students
should know that the course is intellectually challenging and requires a big time
commitment. However, future students should be aware that although the course is
Writing Intensive, it is extremely rewarding and highly recommended by current
students.
AS.200.326.01
Paul Hofer
Law, Psychology, and Public Policy
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
This course had five or fewer comments.
290
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
AS.200.333.01
Stephen Drigotas
Advanced Social Psychology
Overall quality of this course: 4.11
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of the course were the engaging class discussions
as well as the professor's insight on particular topics. Students did not enjoy the lack of
feedback and the grading criteria--grades are based entirely on class participation and
one project. Suggestions for improvement include offering more guidance on the final
paper and providing additional assignments to help improve grades. Future students
should know that the professor treats students like graduate students and that there is
a light workload until the final paper at the end of the semester.
AS.200.334.01
Jennifer Neemann
Evolutionary Mechanisms of Human Behavior
Overall quality of this course: 3.81
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of the course were the class discussions as well as
the professor's passion for the course. Students felt that the professor was very
approachable and her lectures were very interesting. Students did not enjoy the heavy
workload and felt that the professor was often disorganized. Therefore, deadlines and
expectations for assignments were not always clear. Suggestions for improvement
include better organization as well as having multiple classes a week, rather than one
class per week. Future students should know that there is a heavy workload and that
the course requires you to be an active participant in the discussions.
AS.200.341.01
Jennifer Neemann
Positive Psychology
Overall quality of this course: 3.34
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of the course were the interesting topics and class
discussions. Students liked the small groups as they led to good classroom discussions.
Students did not enjoy the high amount of readings and small assignments. Students
also agreed that the course was unorganized and due dates for assignments were
always unclear. Suggestions for improvement include reducing the number of readings
291
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
and providing a more organized structure for the course. Future students should know
that the workload is heavy, but the course is extremely interesting and highly
recommended.
AS.200.344.01
Farrah Madison, Gregory Ball
Positive Psychology
Overall quality of this course: 4.28
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of the course were the interesting material and
lectures. Students enjoyed the professors' lecture styles and felt that the professors
kept the students engaged throughout their lectures. Students did not enjoy the
trickiness of the exams and felt that the textbook was inefficient. Suggestions for
improvement include modifying the format of the tests as well as eliminating, or
replacing, the current textbook. Future students should know that the workload is
heavy and that the exams are tricky.
AS.200.354.01
Lawrence Raifman
Winners, Losers, and Market Protectors--Decision-making in the financial crisis
Overall quality of this course: 4.65
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of the course were the professor and the class
discussions. Students felt that the professor's lectures were very interesting and
engaging. However, students did not enjoy how the class met only once a week,
without a single break throughout the entire class period. Suggestions for improvement
include having a more structured syllabus and dividing the lecture into meeting at least
twice a week. Future students should know that the lectures are long, but the professor
makes the information very interesting. Additionally, future students should be aware
that a background in economics is useful.
AS.200.401.01
Justin Halberda
Careers in Psychology
Overall quality of this course: 4.05
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of the course were the speakers and the material
covered throughout the semester. Students also enjoyed how the course did not have
292
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
any work, except for a final project that is only checked for completion. Students did
not enjoy how repetitive and boring some of the lecturers were. Suggestions for
improvement include having a wider range of speakers and increasing the amount of
class participation. Future students should know that the course is an easy credit and
no background is needed.
AS.200.402.01
Justin Halberda
Careers in Psychology
Overall quality of this course: 4.12
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspect of the course were the interesting speakers.
Students also enjoyed how the course did not have any homework or exams, except for
a final project that is only checked for completion. Students did like the disorganization
of the course and felt that some of the speakers were boring. Suggestions for
improvement include having a wider range of speakers and making the class more
interactive. Future students should know that the course is an easy credit and useful for
students pursuing a career in psychology.
AS.200.403.01
Justin Halberda
Careers in Psychology
Overall quality of this course: 4.23
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of the course were the various lecturers and
speakers. However, students felt that some of the lecturers were boring and the course
felt disorganized at times. Suggestions for improvement include having a wider range of
speakers and increasing the amount of class participation. Future students should know
that the course is an easy credit and that students will enjoy listening to the speakers.
AS.200.404.01
Justin Halberda
Careers in Psychology
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of the course were the speakers, who came from
various fields of psychology. Students also felt that the course was especially beneficial
for seniors pursuing a career in psychology. Students did like the index card responses
293
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
and felt that the clickers were a waste of money. Suggestions for improvement include
either utilizing the CPS units or not forcing students to purchase them. Future students
should know that the course is an easy A credit.
294
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.280.100.01
Public Health in Film and Media
James Goodyear; Lisa Folda; Mieka Smart
Overall quality of this course: 4.49
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the class were the guest speakers and exposure to a wide
array of public health-related topics and issues. The light workload, except for the final paper,
enabled students to focus on and enjoy the guest speakers. Some students felt that the time,
day, and length of the course were not conducive to the learning experience. Suggestions for
improvement included offering small-assignments throughout the semester as well as enabling
the guest speakers to interact with the students after the presentations. Additionally, students
suggested that the course be split into smaller discussions with breaks. Future students should
know that this course is a light and informative introduction to various public health issues.
AS.280.215.01
Understanding Behavior Change: Theory and Application
Lisa Folda
Overall quality of this course: 4.81
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the class were the ability to practically apply what was
learned in the classroom as well as the interactive nature of the group work. Many students
agreed that the campaign was one of the strongest and most interesting aspects of the course.
Students did not enjoy the time-consuming nature of the course, especially towards the end of
the semester with the implementation of the campaign. Suggestions for improvement include
295
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
offering more time for the final campaign so that students have more time to implement it.
Students also suggested that the guest lecturer structure should be modified. Future students
should know that this course is a large time commitment, but offers strong hands-on
experience in the field.
AS.280.220.01
Baltimore and the Wire: A Focus on Major Urban Issues
Peter Beilenson
Overall quality of this course: 4.81
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the guest speakers, who offered
insight into interesting aspects of public health issues. Also, students enjoyed the lack of work
offered in the course. However, students agreed that because participation made up a large
aspect of the grade, students asked repetitive questions to get participation points for the day.
Students did not like the lack of connection to The Wire, as well as the lack of feedback as to
where students stood, grade-wise. Suggestions for improvement include in-class viewings of
The Wire as well as more assignments to enable the grading system to be systemized as well as
having arbitrary grading based on participation. Future students should be aware that the
show, The Wire, is never watched during the course and students do not need to be familiar
with the show to participate in the course.
AS.280.335.01
The Environment and Your Health
Michael Trush
Overall quality of this course: 3.75
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the guest lecturers and topics
covered in the class. The professor and guest lecturers were interesting and engaging and
brought forward issues that were relevant to students' lives. The negative aspects of the
course were the amount of material that was covered as well as the format of the exams.
Furthermore, students felt that they were not prepared for the exams and did not agree with
the grading system. Suggestions for improvement included better Powerpoints, reducing the
number of topics covered in the course, as well as having more effective TA's. Finally, future
students should know that the class is extremely lecture-based, attendance is crucial, and the
tests require a lot of memorization.
AS.280.345.01-08
Public Health Biostatistics
Scott Zeger
296
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
Overall quality of this course: 3.30
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course were the professor and useful skills
learned during the semester. The weakest aspects of the course were related to the program
used, as students felt uncomfortable and unprepared to deal with the programming language.
Furthermore, students did not like the amount of work they were expected to fulfill outside of
the classroom. Suggestions for improvement include offering more guidance for programming
and coding with the program as well as a reduction in the usage of the program. Future
students should know that if you are not familiar with computer programming programs, then
they will fee unprepared for the course.
AS.280.399.01
Practicum in Community Health Care
James Goodyear; Lee Bone
Overall quality of this course: 3.64
Summary:
The strongest aspects of the course were the hands-on volunteer work within the Baltimore
community and the guest lecturers. The weakest aspects of the course were the tediousness of
the course as well as the difficulty students felt when trying to contact sites and professors.
Students felt that the required hours of volunteering were too demanding. Suggestions for
improvement include requiring less hours at the volunteer sites as well as increasing the
accessibility of professors and the volunteer sites. Furthermore, students would like for the
professors to clearly articulate what is expected from the students. Future students should
know that if they have a busy and demanding schedule, this course will be difficult to fit in as
the volunteer work requires a lot of time outside of the classroom.
AS.280.495.01
Honors in PH--Seminar
Kelly Gebo
Overall quality of this course: 4.56
Summary:
Students felt that the strongest aspects of the course included the class setting as well as the
effective nature of the weekly class meetings. Students also enjoyed the personalized feedback
from the professor on independent work. Students felt that the weakest aspects of the course
were the lack of clarity regarding deadlines and format. Students did not feel prepared for their
final presentation. Suggestions for improvement include offering a more rigid schedule
structure for the semester. Future students should be aware that the course requires a lot of
work and that they should not leave it to the last minute
297
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
PUBLIC POLICY
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.195.477.01
Intro To Urban Policy
Sandra Newman
Overall quality of this course: 4.4
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included detailed feedback on student's writing, engaging
guest speakers and a professor who was clearly knowledgeable in the field. Students
disliked the volume of reading that was expected of them and several students felt that
for a supposed discussion class, there was a lack of student interaction. As a result,
some suggested that the class be more open-ended. Students felt that they should have
been allowed and encouraged to express their own opinions about the required
readings. Future students should be aware that this is a difficult class and it is one that
requires both significant effort and time. Students are encouraged to take this class if
they are interested in urban policy issues.
AS. 195.478.01
Urban Policy Internship
Sandra Newman
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
Students generally enjoyed the opportunity to work in Baltimore and receive credit for
that work. They valued the real-life experience and liked that they could apply the
298
PUBLIC POLICY
material taught in class in a real work environment. Suggestions for improvement
included eliminating the final paper. Those students who suggested this believed that
the internship and panels did not need to be supplemented by such an assignment.
Future students are encouraged to research and consider where their interests lie prior
to signing up for an internship. This is to ensure that the internship is truly useful and
valuable.
299
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
SOCIOLOGY
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course? What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.230.101.01-08
Intro Sociology
Andrew Cherlin, Pamela Bennett
Overall quality of this course: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lectures, especially from
Professor Cherlin, the weekly assignments, discussions in section, and the interesting
readings, especially Rampage. Students enjoyed looking at the world from a different
perspective and felt that there was a good amount of work. Students felt that the
weekly section was not helpful, that the weekly assignments were confusing, and that
there were unclear expectations for exams. Some students did not like that there were
two professors with different teaching styles, especially because Professor Bennett's
lectures were hard to follow. Suggestions for improvement included having clearer
expectations and more review for exams, more applicable examples, slower lectures,
and more guest lecturers. Prospective students should know that the grading is fair but
the course is not an easy A; they should keep up with the readings, and the tests are
lecture based.
AS.230.109.01
Hot Topics in Education
Karl Alexander
Overall quality of this course: 4.08
300
SOCIOLOGY
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size and interesting material,
especially the No Child Left Behind projects. The instructor was very knowledgeable, and
there were engaging class discussions. Students felt that the instructor was
disorganized and lost focus during class discussions. Students felt that the class material
was repetitive and did not like getting out of class late. Suggestions for improvement
included having a clearer idea of what the instructor expected from assignments and
having a clearer syllabus. Prospective students should know that the course involves a
lot of writing and participation and is very interesting.
AS.230.150.01-02
Issues in International Development
Rina Agarwala
Overall quality of this course: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the well-organized lectures that allowed
students to understand real-world issues. The instructor was knowledgeable and made
the subject matter interesting. Students did not like how the professor went to India
two-thirds of the way into the semester, as the lectures did not work well via
teleconference. Students also thought that their TA was not helpful and his grading of
the thought papers was arbitrary. Suggestions for improvement included getting a
better TA, posting lectures on Blackboard, having a better structured section and slower
paced lectures, and having different assignments besides thought papers. Prospective
students should know that it is a great class but they will have to keep up with the
reading and make sure that they get a good TA.
AS.230.205.01-02
Intro Social Statistics
Katrina McDonald
Overall quality of this course: 2.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a helpful TA and interesting material. Students
will learn how to understand basic statistics. Students felt that the instructor was very
unprofessional and that she did not fully know the material. The workload was heavy,
class time was not effective, and the STATA program was hard to figure out. Suggestions
for improvement included decreasing the amount of work, including instruction on how
to use STATA, having section before homework is due, and getting a new professor.
Prospective students should know that the course is very time consuming.
AS.230.225.01
301
SOCIOLOGY
Population, Health and Development
Stanley Becker
Overall quality of this course: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lectures, the debates, and the
group presentations. The instructor was very enthusiastic and knowledgeable. Students
felt that the homework was tedious, that the TA's were unorganized, and that there
were too many group presentations. They felt that the 9 a.m. class time was too early.
Suggestions for improvement included having time in class to complete the group work,
making the class at a later time, and having less busy work. Prospective students should
know that the class is very interesting, that they should study for the exams, and that
there is a lot of homework.
AS.230.302.01
Class Stratification & Personality
Melvin Kohn
Overall quality of this course: 3.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussions, the weekly reading assignments
and the student-produced review sheets. The instructor was very knowledgeable.
Students felt that the lectures were boring and that the material was outdated. They felt
that having only a midterm and a final did not give them room to improve. Suggestions
for improvement included having more class discussion, more assignments, and a wider
variety of readings. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of reading and
that the grading is based off of two essay exams.
AS.230.321.01
Revolution, Reform and the Social Inequality of China
Andreas Joel
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the readings, class discussions and lectures. The
instructor was very knowledgeable and provided students with different perspectives
about social inequality in China. Students felt that there was too much writing in the
class, especially the weekly memos. Suggestions for improvement included having a
better variety of readings and having less writing assignments. Prospective students
should know that there is a lot of reading and writing, but the class is very rewarding.
302
SOCIOLOGY
AS.230.325.01
Comparative and Historical Sociology Research Practicum
Beverly Silver
Overall quality of this course: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included getting to do hands-on research and learning
about different world systems. Students felt that the class was not very organized.
Suggestions for improvement included having more discussion based readings and
having a greater understanding of current research. Prospective students should know
that the course is very useful.
AS.230.343.01
Political Sociology of Latin America
Magna von der Heydt-Coca
Overall quality of this course: 3.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course content and assignments.
The instructor was very knowledgeable and engaging. Students felt that the syllabus was
very unclear and that the lectures were repetitive. Students felt that there was a
language barrier between the professor and the TA. Suggestions for improvement
included having better communication between the professor, TA, and the students,
and organizing the class better. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of
reading and memorization involved.
AS.230.353.01
Global Social Change
Ho-Fung Hung
Overall quality of this course: 3.95
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the readings, news commentaries and take-
home exams. Students felt that the instructor was difficult to understand. Some
students felt that the lectures were not interesting. Suggestions for improvement
included having more discussions and more detailed lecture Power Points. Prospective
students should know that the class does not go in-depth into the material, and that it is
more focused on economic development than social change.
303
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES PROGRAM
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.225.301.01-02
Acting & Directing Workshop I
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The students said the best aspect of the course was having the opportunity to actually act in
scenes and receive feedback on their acting. The worst aspect of the course was the heavy
reading load and ambiguity on expectations. Also, the professor would not follow through on
emailing notes and would sometimes repeat himself. To improve the class, students suggested
more class structure and organization, a more effective use of class time, and a course syllabus.
Future students should that this is a fun class that sometimes gets off track. The reading can
become tedious.
AS.225.304.01
Acting for Musical Theatre
Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The students found this class a fun and creative outlet that allowed you to explore your own
talent and work closely with your classmates. Some students however said that the class was
sometimes unorganized. To improve the class, students suggested improving resources such as
having more than 1 pianist and having a better room to practice in. Students also suggested
304
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES PROGRAM
more equal opportunity to perform. Future students should be able to read music and sing;
however, you don't have to be an amazing singer to take the class. It does require many hours
of outside practice time.
AS.225.307.01
Directing Seminar
John Astin, James Glossman
Overall quality of the class: 4.0
Summary:
The students found the best aspect of the course the feedback they receive from the professor.
They said the worst aspect of the course was not having a clear understanding of what was
expected of them and how they were graded. To improve the course, students suggested
having a syllabus and grading rubric, along with partnering this class with an acting workshop so
directors had a supply of actors. Future students should know that the professor can be harsh
and that this class can be stressful and time consuming. You need to be ready and willing to
work.
AS.225.310.01
Stagecraft
William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.312.01
Acting Workshop
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
The students enjoyed the professor's enthusiasm, passion, and knowledge; however, they said
that there was difficulty with coordinating and scheduling rehearsals. They said that the process
of ensuring that each student had a partner should have been more structured and organized.
To improve the course, students suggested using class time more effectively. Future students
should know that this class requires a large commitment of time practicing with your partner,
memorizing lines, and reading plays for upcoming weeks.
AS.225.313.01
The Story of Theatre - an Introduction to Drama and Performance
Joseph Martin
305
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES PROGRAM
Overall quality of the class: 2.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.314.01
Theater: Tech Direction
John Astin, William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The students said the best aspect of the course was that the topic was interesting and useful.
They enjoyed Professor Roche's anecdotes and storytelling. The worst part of the course was
that sometimes it was slightly disorganized. To improve the course, students suggested having
more hands-on projects with more guidance and direction. Future students should know that
the grading is fair and it is a great way to learn about theater production.
AS.225.320.01
Performance
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
The students thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to work with Professor Astin. His experience
and feedback was considered invaluable and insightful. Students however, found that
scheduling rehearsals that worked for everyone was very hard to accomplish. To improve the
class, students suggested having required rehearsals instead of allowing students to set them
up outside of class optionally. Future students should know that this class requires a lot of time
outside of class.
AS.225.345.01
History of Modern Theatre & Drama
John Astin, Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The students enjoyed the exposure to the interesting and varied selection of plays. They said
the professor is passionate and enthusiastic, and is able to make complex concepts
understandable. They did say however that the reading load was overwhelming at times. Also,
some students found the student presentations ineffective. To improve the class, students
suggested more discussions led by the professor and not the students, and more feedback on
306
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES PROGRAM
grades. Future students should do all the readings because the quizzes are an integral part of
your grade.
307
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2011
WRITING SEMINARS
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of
this course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve
this class?", and "What should prospective students know about this course before
enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean
response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for
this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.220.105.01
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Amy Arthur
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interesting selection of readings. The small class
size allowed for effective class discussions and workshops. Students felt that there were
too many assignments to allow them to focus and revise their writing. Some students
thought that the grading and comments on stories and poems were too subjective.
Suggestions for improvement included lengthening the class to an hour and a half,
providing more feedback on assignments, and placing fewer restrictions on
assignments. Prospective students should know that the course is reading and writing
intensive, but the workload is manageable.
AS.220.105.02
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Alexander Creighton
Overall quality of this course: 4.2
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who gave students individual
attention and constructive feedback on their writing. Students felt that the grading
system was too demanding for students with no previous background in fiction and
308
WRITING SEMINARS
poetry. Some students did not like the in-class discussions. Suggestions for improvement
included having less class discussion and more lectures or one-on-one time with the TA.
Other suggestions included structuring workshops more so that every person can
workshop their writing. Future students should know that the course is interesting and
will exercise their creativity; that they should put forward a full effort on every
assignment.
AS.220.105.03
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Songmuang Somerset Greer
Overall quality of this course: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who explained the readings well
and gave students feedback on how to make their writing more effective. The class
readings were also enjoyable. Students felt that the workshops became repetitive and
were not very helpful, especially because the entire class was not engaged. Some
students felt that the poetry section of the class was rushed, and that it was not an
effectively-taught unit. Suggestions for improvement included having more discussions
about how to improve students' writing than on the readings, and grading workshops to
reward students who participate. Prospective students should know that the course is
based on student participation and improvement.
AS.220.105.04
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Kjerstin Kauffman
Overall quality of this course: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an excellent instructor who gave students
feedback both during workshops and outside of class. The in-class analysis of the fiction
and poetry was particularly enjoyable. Students felt that the grading system was very
unclear, especially when compared to other sections taught by different TA's, who could
have been more lenient or stringent than this TA pertaining to grades. Some students
thought that the worst aspect of the course was the poem recitation. Suggestions for
improvement included setting up a more technical grading system for every
Fiction/Poetry Writing I class, and spending more time on poetry. Future students
should know that there are weekly writing assignments and the final grade is based on
many factors.
AS.220.105.05
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
309
WRITING SEMINARS
Glenn Blake; Gwen Kirby
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size and an instructor who made
the readings meaningful. Students felt that the TA's were too variable between courses,
which meant that the grading was inconsistent across sections. Some students also felt
that the grading of creative work was too subjective. Suggestions for improvement
included having fewer assignments to allow for more revision, more one-one-one
student-teacher sessions, and collective instructor grading for the final portfolio. Future
students should know that the course involves a lot of writing and participation, and the
quality of the class depends on the quality of the TA.
AS.220.105.06
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Robert McDonald
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the exposure to different types of authors and
types of writing. The TA provided students with good feedback and help on
assignments. Students felt that the workshops were unproductive due to the
repetitiveness of student responses. Some students felt that the grading was too
subjective due to varying levels of proficiency amongst the students in the class.
Suggestions for improvement included providing more time for workshops and giving
students more time to complete each assignment. Prospective students should know
that they should not wait until the last minute to complete their assignments, and that
they need to work hard to do well in the course.
AS.220.105.07
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; John Paul Gritton
Overall quality of this course: 4.145
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops, which allowed for class
discussion and for students to receive feedback from their peers. The instructor also
provided students with comments on their writing and made the class more interesting
by providing extra reading and other media. Students felt that the instructor did not
always know how to explain the material. Some students felt that the instructor's
grading system was unclear and too subjective. Suggestions for improvement included
310
WRITING SEMINARS
allowing for more time for workshops and having the instructor give students feedback
on assignments before they write their next assignment. Prospective students should
know that the class is very interesting, but it is not an "Easy A".
AS.220.105.08
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Lauren Reding
Overall quality of this course: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the creative writing and the in-class discussions
and workshops. The class was effective in teaching students how to write and providing
students with feedback. Students felt that the course included a lot of writing, and
didn't like that the grade was subjective and based on participation. Some students felt
that the book was too expensive for the amount of stories and poems that the class
required them to read. Suggestions for improvement included spending more time
interpreting the readings and providing more time for workshops. Future students
should know that the class is enjoyable but challenging and requires a lot of
participation.
AS.220.105.09
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; John Paul Gritton
Overall quality of this course: 4.145
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops, which allowed for class
discussion and for students to receive feedback from their peers. The instructor also
provided students with comments on their writing and made the class more interesting
by providing extra reading and other media. Students felt that the instructor did not
always know how to explain the material. Some students felt that the instructor's
grading system was unclear and too subjective. Suggestions for improvement included
allowing for more time for workshops and having the instructor give students feedback
on assignments before they write their next assignment. Prospective students should
know that the class is very interesting, but it is not an "Easy A".
AS.220.105.10
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Katherine Parr
Overall quality of this course: 4.21
311
WRITING SEMINARS
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class discussions and workshops. The
instructor cared about the students' writing. Students felt that the readings were not
very helpful, and that there was not enough student participation during discussion.
Suggestions for improvement included introducing new readings and having more class
discussions. Future students should know the class requires a lot of writing and
creativity.
AS.220.105.11
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Callie Siskel
Overall quality of this course: 4.4
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the readings and the small class size. The
instructor made the readings very interesting. Students felt that the grading was too
subjective, especially because every TA grades differently. Suggestions for improvement
included adding more variety to the genre of the reading and having a grading rubric for
every TA. Future students should know that the class is fun if they are interested in
creative writing, but the quality of the class depends on the TA.
AS.220.105.12
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Lauren Reding
Overall quality of this course: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the creative writing and the in-class discussions
and workshops. The class was effective in teaching students how to write and providing
students with feedback. Students felt that the course included a lot of writing, and
didn't like that the grade was subjective and based on participation. Some students felt
that the book was too expensive for the amount of stories and poems that the class
required them to read. Suggestions for improvement included spending more time
interpreting the readings and providing more time for workshops. Future students
should know that the class is enjoyable but challenging and requires a lot of
participation.
AS.220.105.13
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Amber Burke
Overall quality of this course: 4.5
312
WRITING SEMINARS
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an enthusiastic instructor, the course
discussions and analyzing the readings. Students felt that the workshops and student
critiques were not helpful in improving their writing. Some students felt that the grading
system was too unclear and subjective. Suggestions for improvement included adding
more readings and more having more constructive critiques. Prospective students
should know that they will learn a lot about writing and how to be creative.
AS.220.105.14
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Jocelyn Slovak
Overall quality of this course: 4.4
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussions and workshops. The instructor
cared about her students' writing and gave them useful feedback. Students felt that
they were not taught how to write prose or poetry well. Suggestions for improvement
included having more in-depth discussions of the readings and the writing concept, as
well as having more structured and longer workshops. Prospective students should
know that there is a lot of required writing, but the class is very interesting.
AS.220.105.15
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Emily Parker
Overall quality of this course: 4.41
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the readings, the chance to be creative and the
workshops. The instructor made the class stimulating and cared about the progress of
the students. Students felt that the instructor did not give them enough feedback.
Suggestions for improvement included creating a clearer grading system and assigning
fewer readings so that each class period is not as rushed. Prospective students should
know that there is a lot of writing, and that the course is worth it if they put effort into
their work.
AS.220.105.16
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Thomas Bechtold
Overall quality of this course: 4.705
313
WRITING SEMINARS
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relaxing atmosphere and an instructor who
provided students with useful feedback. The assignments helped the students improve
their writing, and the discussions were interesting. Students felt that the workshops
were not always useful to everyone in the class. Some students felt that writing poetry
was too difficult. Suggestions for improvement included providing more feedback and
reading more contemporary fiction. Prospective students should know that participation
is very important for their grade, and the quality of the class depends on the TA.
AS.220.105.17
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Joselyn Takacs
Overall quality of this course: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops, which allowed students to get
feedback from the TA and other students in the class. Students also enjoyed the
discussions about the readings. Students felt that the workshops were repetitive. Some
students did not like the required departmental readings that they had to attend.
Suggestions for improvement included allocating more time towards the students' work
instead of focusing on the writers that they studied. Prospective students should know
that there is a large amount of reading and writing but the class is graded fairly.
AS.220.105.18
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Katherine Robinson
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who was enthusiastic about the
content of the class and gave students great feedback. The workshops allowed students
to interact with each other to work on their writing, and they enjoyed the workshops a
lot. Students felt that the final project was too rushed and that the grading system did
not have much structure. Suggestions for improvement included having a more flexible
final portfolio and assigning poetry writing assignments with less structure. Prospective
students should know that a background in writing can be helpful in this class.
AS.220.105.19
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Laura Bylenok
Overall quality of this course: 3.71
314
WRITING SEMINARS
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-class discussions and critiques, and the
fiction readings. Students felt that there were too many reading quizzes. Students also
felt that the workshops were not effective, and they were expected to write in certain
styles before they were discussed in class. Suggestions for improvement included having
quizzes that paid less attention to detail and making the grading system clearer.
Prospective students should know that the class requires a lot of writing.
AS.220.105.20
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Luc Phinney
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the discussions and the writing prompts. The
instructor connected well with the students. Students felt that it was hard to
understand exactly what the instructor wanted from their assignments. Suggestions for
improvement included having a more efficient system of getting their work back and
being able to revise their pieces. Prospective students should know that the class will
help with their writing skills.
AS.220.105.21
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Arianne DeGovia
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the feedback received from workshops and the
class discussions. The instructor was creative and knowledgeable. Students felt that it
was difficult to get a good grade on the writing assignments and that there was a lot of
writing and reading. Suggestions for improvement included clearing up the grading
system and spending more time learning about poetry. Prospective students should
know that the grading is hard and there is a lot of work, but the course teaches students
how to be creative.
AS.220.105.22
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Claire Wahmanholm
Overall quality of this course: 4.545
315
WRITING SEMINARS
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops and the feedback on work. The
instructor put a lot of effort into teaching the course. Students felt that they should not
have had to attend out-of-class readings and that the quizzes were unnecessary.
Suggestions for improvement included keeping the same TA and making the attendance
at readings not mandatory. Prospective students should know that they will do well if
they work hard and are prepared for discussions and lots of reading.
AS.220.105.23
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Eric Levitz
Overall quality of this course: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the weekly assignments and class workshops.
The small class setting allowed for interactive discussions. Students felt that they had to
learn to write by looking at their past mistakes instead of learning the basic rules of
writing before assignments were due. Some students felt that there were large
differences in workload between sections. Suggestions for improvement included
reading stories from a variety of genres and giving out more specific assignments.
Prospective students should know that the class depends on the TA and that there is a
lot of reading and writing involved.
AS.220.105.24
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Laura Bylenok
Overall quality of this course: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops and the small class size.
Students felt that the quizzes were unnecessary and too focused on insignificant details.
Students also felt that the grading was subjective and it was hard to get an A.
Suggestions for improvement included making workshop more effective or having fewer
workshops. Prospective students should know that the class will be fun if they enjoy
writing fiction and poetry, and that the grading can be tough.
AS.220.105.25
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Claire Wahmanholm
Overall quality of this course: 4.545
316
WRITING SEMINARS
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops and the feedback on work. The
instructor put a lot of effort into teaching the course. Students felt that they should not
have had to attend out-of-class readings and that the quizzes were unnecessary.
Suggestions for improvement included keeping the same TA and making the attendance
at readings not mandatory. Prospective students should know that they will do well if
they work hard and are prepared for discussions and lots of reading.
AS.220.105.26
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Thomas Bechtold
Overall quality of this course: 4.705
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relaxing atmosphere and an instructor who
provided students with useful feedback. The assignments helped the students improve
their writing, and the discussions were interesting. Students felt that the workshops
were not always useful to everyone in the class. Some students felt that writing poetry
was too difficult. Suggestions for improvement included providing more feedback and
reading more contemporary fiction. Prospective students should know that participation
is very important for their grade, and the quality of the class depends on the TA.
AS.220.105.27
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Clay Cogswell
Overall quality of this course: 4.265
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who made the class interesting
and dedicated his time towards providing students with helpful comments. The readings
were interesting and the small classroom setting allowed for effective discussion.
Students felt that there was too much participation required, which was difficult when
the instructor did not ask specific questions. Some students felt that there was too
much work and that they did not gain an understanding of how to write poetry.
Suggestions for improvement included making the writing assignments more variable,
grading the first assignments on effort instead of quality and teaching more writing
concepts. Prospective students should know that the class is meaningful, that there is a
lot of work involved, and the grading system is fair.
AS.220.105.28
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake; Clay Cogswell
317
WRITING SEMINARS
Overall quality of this course: 4.265
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who made the class interesting
and dedicated his time towards providing students with helpful comments. The readings
were interesting and the small classroom setting allowed for effective discussion.
Students felt that there was too much participation required, which was difficult when
the instructor did not ask specific questions. Some students felt that there was too
much work and that they did not gain an understanding of how to write poetry.
Suggestions for improvement included making the writing assignments more variable,
grading the first assignments on effort instead of quality and teaching more writing
concepts. Prospective students should know that the class is meaningful, that there is a
lot of work involved, and the grading system is fair.
AS.220.106.01-05
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops and the variety of discussion.
The instructor gave students great feedback, engaged the class in discussion, and made
the class environment fun and challenging at the same time. Students felt that there
was not enough participation and that students were allowed to be disruptive. Some
students felt that they received vague feedback and that the grading was subjective.
Suggestions for improvement included requiring a smaller book, having more
workshops, providing better explanations for assignments, and providing students with
the Hopkins Review. Prospective students should know that this class will help improve
their writing.
AS.220.108.01
Introduction to Fiction & Nonfiction
Joanne Cavanaugh-Simpson
Overall quality of this course: 4.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who was enthusiastic and helpful.
The class discussions were very engaging. Students felt that there was too much
reading. Suggestions for improvement included offering an Introduction to Fiction &
Nonfiction II, and decreasing the amount of reading required for this course. Prospective
students should know that the reading assignments are long but enjoyable.
318
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.146.01-02
Introduction to Science Writing
Ann Finkbeiner
Overall quality of this course: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the creative assignments, the class workshops
and the feedback from the instructor. Students were able to learn about science while
improving their writing. Students felt that the grading was harsh and that the deadlines
came up too quickly. Some students felt that it was hard to find time to do the
interviews for the assignments. Suggestions for improvement included providing a clear
rubric for each assignment, holding more workshops and having the class meet twice a
week. Prospective students should know that they will have to write like a scientific
journalist and interview outside sources.
AS.220.200.01
Introduction to Fiction
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a helpful and knowledgeable instructor. The
short story assignments and readings were interesting. Students felt that the class time
was unstructured and that they could not read the instructor's handwriting. Some
students thought that there were not enough workshops. Suggestions for improvement
included having more organized workshops. Prospective students should know that they
will have to participate and think creatively.
AS.220.200.02
Introduction to Fiction
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of this course: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-class discussions and workshops. The
instructor provided students with useful feedback and analysis of the readings. Students
felt that the workshops were repetitive. Suggestions for improvement included having a
more structured reading schedule. Prospective students should know that the feedback
from the class will help with their writing.
AS.200.200.03
319
WRITING SEMINARS
Introduction to Fiction
Robert Rober
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops, class discussion and helpful
feedback. Students enjoyed the assigned reading and appreciated the food that the
instructor brought to class. Students felt that they did not get enough feedback and that
the prompts were too restrictive. Suggestions for improvement included having more
one-on-one meetings with the instructor. Prospective students should know that the
writing workload for this course is very manageable.
AS.220.200.04
Introduction to Fiction
Matthew Klam
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who was very knowledgeable and
engaging. Students enjoyed the weekly reading and writing assignments. Students felt
that the class could be structured better and that they did not get enough feedback on
their work. Suggestions for improvement included having more varied readings and
receiving more feedback. Prospective students should know that it is a great course that
requires a lot of writing and participation.
AS.220.201.01
Introduction to Poetry
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of this course: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops and the atmosphere of the class.
The instructor was encouraging and gave students helpful comments. Students felt that
students were not vocal enough and the feedback from the instructor was unclear.
Suggestions for improvement included having more creative prompts and more specific
feedback. Prospective students should know that they should not be intimidated by the
poetry assignments, and that participation is important.
AS.220.201.02
Introduction to Poetry
Joelle Biele
320
WRITING SEMINARS
Overall quality of this course: 4.4
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops and the weekly assignments.
The instructor gave students useful feedback and kept the class interesting. Students
felt that the feedback could have been more constructive, however. Some students felt
that the group presentations were boring. Suggestions for improvement included
placing more focus on workshops and providing more constructive criticism. Prospective
students should know that this class will help them improve their writing.
AS.220.202.01
Introduction to Non-Fiction: Matters of Fact
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of this course: 3.6
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting discussions and the class
workshops. Students felt that the required readings were not interesting. Some students
felt that the readings and the assignments did not correlate. Suggestions for
improvement included spending less time discussing the authors and structuring the
discussions better. Prospective students should be prepared to receive a lot of criticism
on their papers.
AS.220.204.01
Introduction to Dramatic Writing: Film
Marc Lapadula
Overall quality of this course: 4.8
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-class discussions, the workshops and the
midterm folder. The instructor is very knowledgeable and helped students with their
screenplays. Students felt that they did not receive enough feedback from the
instructor. Suggestions for improvement included spreading out the work instead of
having it due all at once, changing the time slot of the course and getting better
feedback from the instructor. Prospective students should know that there are very few
assignments but each one takes a lot of work.
AS.220.205.01
Introduction to Dramatic Writing: Plays
Marc Lapadula
321
WRITING SEMINARS
Overall quality of this course: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops and a very experienced
instructor. Students received good feedback of their work. Students felt that the class
got off-track frequently. Suggestions for improvement included receiving formatting
guidelines at the beginning of class and reading more plays. Prospective students should
know that having a background in theater is useful, and the instructor grades the course
fairly.
AS.220.316.01
Seminar: Opinion Writing
Gregory Kane
Overall quality of this course: 4.59
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enthusiastic instructor and the interesting
discussions. Students were able to write about whatever they wanted to. Students felt
that their class time was unproductive. Suggestions for improvement included having
more discussion. Prospective students should know that they will do well if they put in
the necessary work.
AS.220.334.01
Intermediate Fiction: Indexed Fiction
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relaxing set-up of the class and the freedom
and creativity in the assignments. Students felt that there was not enough structure in
the class. Suggestions for improvement included providing more feedback on the
students' work. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of computer work
involved with this class.
AS.220.351.01
Intermediate Fiction: Forms of International Fiction
Laura Van den Berg
Overall quality of this course: 4.8
Summary:
322
WRITING SEMINARS
The best aspects of this course included the variety of the reading and thought-
provoking discussions. The instructor was very enthusiastic and gave students
constructive feedback. Students felt that there was a lot of reading and would have liked
to have had workshops instead of discussions. Suggestions for improvement included
clarifying the requirements for the reading responses and having workshops.
Prospective students should know that there is a lot of reading and that they will be
expected to write short stories.
AS.220.368.01
Intermediate Fiction: Contemporary American Fiction
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-class discussions and the choice of
readings. The instructor was very knowledgeable and committed to improving his
students' writing. Students felt that there were too many reading assignments and not
enough workshops. Suggestions for improvement included placing more emphasis on
workshops and writing. Prospective students should know that there will be a lot of
reading.
AS.220.377.01
Intermediate Poetry: Poetic Forms
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of this course: 4.91
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included learning how to write poetry in meter, the class
workshops, and the instruction. The instructor was very knowledgeable and provided
students with feedback. Students felt that writing in meter was very hard. Suggestions
for improvement included mimicking writers' styles and having more review on
syllables. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of work involved and that
writing in meter can be a challenge.
AS.220.384.01
Intermediate Nonfiction: I, Me, Mine: American Autobiography
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
Summary:
323
WRITING SEMINARS
The best aspects of this course included the interesting books and class discussions. The
workshops were very helpful. Students felt that there was a lack of feedback from the
instructor. Suggestions for improvement included having more feedback from the
instructor. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of reading and writing.
AS.220.397.01
Intermediate Poetry: The Lyric
Steve Scafidi
Overall quality of this course: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the variety of assignments, the readings and
class discussions. The instructor gave students great feedback. Students felt that there
was too little work shopping. Suggestions for improvement included work shopping
more than one person per class. Prospective students should know that the instructor is
great and that there is a lot of reading.
AS.220.400.01
Advanced Poetry Workshop
David Smith
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a knowledgeable and helpful instructor. The
lectures were also very helpful. Students felt that there was not enough time to
workshop everyone's work. Suggestions for improvement included having better time
management of workshops. Prospective students should know that they will have to
write a poem per week in addition to other assignments.
AS.220.401.01
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Jean McGarry
Overall quality of this course: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops, discussions and readings. The
instructor was very prepared for class and gave students helpful feedback. Students felt
that they read too much Chekhov and that there was not enough time for work
shopping. A suggestion for improvement was that the course should have a variety of
class readings. Prospective students should know that they will receive a lot of critique
on their work.
324
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.411.01
Readings in Poetry: Sex & Death in Contemporary American Poetry
Steve Scafidi
Overall quality of this course: 4.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the readings and in-class discussions. The
instructor was passionate about the course material. Students felt that it was hard to
get weekly responses in on time and wanted more feedback on assignments.
Suggestions for improvement included writing more poetry and making the class more
challenging. Prospective students should know that the instructor is great.
AS.220.420.01
Readings in Contemporary Fiction: Coetzee, Delillo, Freudenberger, Johnson
Matthew Klam
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussion and the readings. The instructor
was very enthusiastic. Students felt that the class was disorganized. Suggestions for
improvement included having a structured syllabus. Prospective students should know
that there is a lot of reading and that the class is enjoyable.
AS.220.422.01
Readings in Fiction: Women Behaving Badly!
Jessica Blau
Overall quality of this course: 4.94
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who was very engaging. The
discussions and readings were interesting. Students felt that there was too much
reading required. Suggestions for improvement included meeting twice a week and
doing more writing. Prospective students should know that they will read and
participate a lot.
325
