JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY
Homewood Course Guide
Summaries of Student Course Evaluations for Fall 2013
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Africana Studies 5
Anthropology 7
Applied Mathematics and Statistics 11
Art 18
Behavioral Biology 26
Biology 28
Biomedical Engineering 34
Biophysics 41
Center for Language Education: Arabic 45
Center for Language Education: Chinese 47
Center for Language Education: Hebrew 50
Center for Language Education: Hindi 51
Center for Language Education: Japanese 52
Center for Language Education: Korean 54
Center for Language Education: Russian 56
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering 58
Chemistry 67
Civil Engineering 73
Classics 77
Cognitive Science 80
Computer Science 82
Earth and Planetary Science 92
East Asian 96
Economics 98
2
Electrical and Computer Engineering 104
Engineering Management 111
English 112
Entrepreneurship & Management 125
Film and Media Studies 133
General Engineering 137
Geography and Environmental Engineering 139
German and Romance Languages and Literatures 147
History 169
History of Art 177
History of Science and Technology 181
Humanities 185
Information Security Institute 188
Interdepartmental 192
Jewish Studies 194
Materials Science and Engineering 195
Mathematics 200
Mechanical Engineering 206
Military Science 216
Museum and Society Programs 219
Music 221
Nanobiotechnology 226
Near Eastern Studies 228
Neuroscience 232
Philosophy 236
Physics and Astronomy 242
3
Political Science 249
Professional Communication 261
Psychological and Brain Sciences 266
Public Health Studies 273
Sociology 278
Theatre Arts and Studies 284
Women, Gender, And Sexuality Program 286
Writing Seminars 288
4
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
AFRICANA STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.362.104.01
Introduction to the African Diaspora
Patricia Romero
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students praised this course's small class size and its interesting group discussions. Readings of a variety
of works including primary sources helped provide topics of conversation during class discussions. Some
students felt the class didn't prepare them for the class' final paper and that the assignment itself lacked
firm guidelines. Students' suggestions for improvements focused on increased guidance by the
instructor, as some students thought the class hadn't prepared them to write their final paper.
Prospective students should know the course required students to keep up with assigned readings in
order to participate in class discussions.
AS.362.111.01
Introduction to African American Studies
Katarina McDonald
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the passionate discussions students had among themselves and
with the professor in this course. While students enjoyed the discussions, many also complained of
organizational issues with the class. Some wished the professor had led more of the discussions, while
others wished for clearer rubrics on how grading would be handled. Suggestions for improvement
included having the professor lead class discussions or provide examples of how student-led sessions
should be conducted so that they would be more productive. Prospective students should know this
class was a great introduction to the topic of African American Studies and was reading intensive.
AS.362.340.01
Power and Racism
Floyd Hayes
5
AFRICANA STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
Students praised the course's instructor as the best aspect of the course with most describing him as,
"very engaging," "exciting," and "hilarious." While students enjoyed the professor, others also criticized
him for at times going off topic or being repetitive. Suggestions to improve the class varied from an
increased focus on the syllabus and course material to a need for all students to engage in class
discussions. Prospective students should know that the class focused on reading and writing, and this
work needed to be completed before classes so that students could contribute to and gain the most
from the course.
6
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
ANTHROPOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.070.113.01
Freshman Seminar
Niloofar Haeri
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the reading materials and the relatively light course load. Some
students felt that participation in class discussions were difficult because the topics were so broad and
unfocused. Suggestions for improvement included narrowing down discussion topics to encourage
increased class participation. Students also felt that examining the differing opinions or views on a topic
or issue would help drive discussion. Prospective students who are interested in learning a breadth of
information about Anthropology will get a solid introduction to the subject. Prospective students should
be prepared to engage in class discussion and write brief responses to the readings.
AS.070.129.01
Introduction to the Anthropology of the Middle East
Paola Abenante
Overall quality of the class: 2.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course are the professor's passion for her subject and the interesting reading
materials. Many students found this to be a more advanced class, as the professor expected students to
already have an understanding of basic anthropological terms and concepts. Suggestions for
improvement included keeping the syllabus up to date as topics change, and adjusting project due dates
accordingly. Prospective students are advised to take an introduction to anthropology before taking this
class, which can be as challenging and writing-intensive as an advanced class.
AS.070.179.01
Child Adoption and Family Making
Anaid Reyes Kipp
7
ANTHROPOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the engaging information and the real-world application of
concepts introduced in the readings and class discussions. However, the class was reading intensive, and
at times the reading materials were dense and long. Suggestions for improving this class included a
more concise reading list, as well as more interactive activities within the class to further investigate the
issues and examples discussed in class. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy reading
load. This reading needs to be completed before class to fully prepare for the concepts covered in
lecture and the class discussions.
AS.070.189.01
Islamic Critique: Ethical and Political Reasoning
Joseph Bush
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the highly informative and engaging discussions that challenge
students to change their way of thinking to be analytical and precise. Many students found the course
load to be intense but interesting, and enjoyed discussions with the professor during office hours to
further analyze the course material. Some suggestions for improvement were that reading summaries or
highlighted core concepts for the readings would have been helpful, as some of the readings were long
with difficult concepts. Some students also sought for the course's instructor to take a more active role
in the class discussion by first presenting topics to the class before allowing students to break into
discussion about it. Prospective students should be prepared for a strenuous but rewarding experience,
so long as they complete the readings and are prepared to engage in class discussions.
AS.070.285.01
Understanding Aid: Anthropological Perspectives for Technology-Based Intel
William Ball, Emma Cervone
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the guest speakers and the focused in-class discussions that
helped develop concepts from the reading. Some student found that the readings were a bit dry and
long, and that the essay topics were somewhat vague. Suggestions for improvement included assigning
fewer reading materials, and providing more succinct essay topics to decrease confusion. Prospective
students should be prepared for a reading intensive course. The readings provide context for the class
discussions and core concepts that are examined in the essay assignments.
AS.070.293.01
Anthropology of Material Worlds
Deborah Poole
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
8
ANTHROPOLOGY
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the highly interesting concepts and ideas introduced during the
class, as well as the professor's knowledge of the subject and approachability. Many students found the
readings to be a bit long and convoluted at times, although the content was interesting. Suggestions for
improving the class included shorter or fewer readings, which would help increase student engagement
in class discussions. Prospective students would benefit from a basic knowledge of anthropology before
taking this class, although it is not necessary. Students are advised to do the reading before class so that
they are prepared for the lecture and may engage in the class discussion.
AS.070.319.01
Logic of Anthropological Inquiry
Jaun Obarrio
Overall quality of the class: 3.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interesting subject matter and discussions that encouraged
students to express their opinions. Although the course load was somewhat light, most students found
that the lack of feedback made it impossible for them to guess their grades. Suggestions for this course
included getting grades and papers back to the students in a timely manner so that they can better
assess their situation. Prospective students should be prepared to write two relatively short papers.
Students also found the course required them to read works that are sometimes challenging and dense,
but highly informative.
AS.070.331.01
Anthropology of Poetry and Prayer
Niloofar Haeri
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included a professor who is engaging, approachable, and highly
knowledgeable. Students enjoyed the intimate setting of the class, which allowed students to feel
comfortable in expressing their opinions in group discussions. Some of the students found that the
coursework was a bit unorganized, and at times were unsure of what they needed to focus on for the
readings and essays. Suggestions for improving the class included increased organization, with specific
criteria for essay prompts. Prospective students should be prepared to read a fair amount of material,
and to engage in meaningful discussions with their peers. They are also encouraged to approach the
professor if they have any questions about the materials.
AS.070.337.01
Digital Media, Democracy, and Control
Laura Humphreys
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
9
ANTHROPOLOGY
The best aspects of this class included the real-world approach to topics discussed in class, which
students found interesting and enlightening. Students also found the professor to be very
knowledgeable and easy to approach, providing in-depth feedback that guided students' projects and
helped keep the discussions relevant to the discussion topics. Some suggestions for the class included
breaking it up into additional sessions to help ease the reading and workloads, which can be intense.
Prospective students should be prepared to invest a lot of time and effort into the course in order to get
the most out of the course.
AS.070.357.01
An Anthropology of the City
Clara Han
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspect of this class is a professor who is highly knowledgeable and passionate about her
subject. Students found the readings to be very informative and helpful when preparing for class
discussions. However, some students found that the class was challenging because directions for writing
prompts were unclear, or the professor moved a little too quickly. Some suggestions for improving the
class included breaking the class into two shorter periods so that students have time to complete the
reading and writing assignments. Any prospective students should be prepared for a reading and writing
intensive class, although the topics are highly engaging and the discussions are enlightening.
AS.070.385.01
From Sexual Nature to Sexual Politics
Aaron Goodfellow
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspect of this class included a relaxing and informal learning environment where students are
encouraged to share their thoughts and opinions. The professor was engaging, informative, and
approachable. Students also liked that there were three writing assignments, all of which could be
rewritten to improve a grade. Suggestions for improvement included decreasing class size to encourage
participation in class discussions and to cut down on the time it takes to receive feedback. Some
students felt that the readings were excessively long and repetitive, so a more concise reading list would
be helpful. Prospective students should be prepared to read a fair amount of materials, but no
background knowledge in anthropology is necessary.
10
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.550.100.01
Introduction to Applied Mathematics and Statistics
Daniel Naiman
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The engaging variety of interesting topics was one of the best aspects of this course. Students liked
having the different lecturers come in, as they found the differing fields provided them with a nice
exposure of possible career fields. Students did find the homework to be somewhat difficult, as
sometimes the professors gave them advanced problems that required more knowledge of the
materials than many students had. Students also wished the PowerPoint slides were more detailed and
posted online for later reference. Suggestions for improvement included changing the homework
assignments to reflect more of what was said during the lecture. Students also would have liked a brief
introductory lesson with some of the basics of applied maths and statistics so that they could be better
prepared for the lectures. Prospective students are advised to attend every lecture and complete the
homework on time. The course is highly recommended to anyone who is considering a degree or just
has an interest in applied mathematics and statistics.
EN.550.111.01-07
Statistical Analysis I
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the professor. He taught the lectures in such a
way that students found that they understood the concepts as well as the math behind the materials.
Many students thought the homework problems were long and tedious, and that the information they
went over in class did not follow the textbook or end up on the exams. Students recommended
lessening the amount of homework and spending more time in class going through problems from the
book, from step one to the solution. Prospective students will need to read the textbook to review
11
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
materials covered in class. They will also need to attend every lecture so that they can ask questions
about the materials, because most of the content on the exams come from the lectures.
EN.550.112.01-04
Statistical Analysis II
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful professor and the very straightforward way he
taught the materials. Students believed that they understood the concepts and formulas behind the
materials and that the grading system was forgiving. Some students felt the lectures were a bit dry, and
others thought the homework load was a bit excessive. Suggestions for improvement included providing
more study materials for the exams as well as adding more interactive aspects to the lectures to liven
them up. Prospective students should stay on top of the homework and read the textbook to keep up
with the materials. Attendance to lectures is important, and students should have a background in
statistics before enrolling.
EN.550.171.01-03
Discrete Mathematics
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspect of this course was that everything stated in class as being on the
exam was on the exam, and that there was no surprise content or concepts when they took the tests.
Many students found that the lecture style was a bit fast paced, and that the lecture never strayed from
the textbook, which meant that examples of the concepts were limited. Suggestions for improvement
included providing more outside sources and examples to help demonstrate some of the more difficult
concepts. Students also wanted a friendlier classroom environment in which they felt comfortable
asking questions and participating in class. Prospective students should have some Calculus background
and be prepared for a somewhat difficult math course that concentrates more on theory than
equations. They should read the textbook to follow along with the lecture and attend the TA sessions to
ask questions and get help on the homework.
EN.550.200.01
Computing for Engineers and Scientists
Kathyrn Hedrick
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
Summary:
Students thought that this was a good introduction to using and understanding MATLAB, and liked that
the grades were based on assignments rather than exams. Most students found that the course
presumed background knowledge of the subject matter and that combined with a lack of direction in
12
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
assignments made the course difficult. They suggested providing the necessary background information
within the assignment instructions, or at least providing links to places where they could get this
information. They also suggested focusing more on teaching MATLAB itself, rather than getting stuck on
materials the students may or may not know. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy
workload with difficult grading and a lot of learning outside of the classroom.
EN.550.252.01
Math Models-Decision Making: Stochastic Models
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.281.01
Computing in Applied Mathematics
Daniel Naiman
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.284.01
VBA for Finance
Daniel Naiman
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Learning the basics to VBA and having such a relaxed learning environment was what students found
were the best aspects of this course. Students thought that the professor was not completely
knowledgeable with the materials and that they did not learn as much as they had hoped to.
Suggestions for improvement included adding more assignments to better teach some of the coding
aspects, as well as getting slides or lecture notes so that students could replicate what the professor
taught in class. Prospective students will find that prior coding experience is a big plus, and that many
students in the class have some experience with VBA to begin with. The course is recommended for
anyone who wants to learn VBA.
EN.550.291.01-02
Linear Algebra and Differential Equations
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
Students found this course to be very well planned out and thorough in the materials, so they believed
that they learned a tremendous amount over the semester. The professor went out of his way to ensure
13
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
that students got the materials and was always willing to meet or answer questions. Students found that
the course concentrated too much on proofs and not enough on equations. They suggested adding a
textbook to include more concrete examples and exercises as well as using Blackboard more extensively
to post notes on the lectures. Students also wanted more practice with differential equations and less
emphasis on the proofs. Prospective students should have taken math up to at least Calculus II and
would benefit from some background knowledge of MATLAB. They should be prepared to take good
notes in each class.
EN.550.310.01-03
Probability & Statistics for the Physical Sciences & Engineering
Vincent Lyzinski
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The professor was the best aspect of the course, as students found that he went out of his way to make
the materials and concepts easy to understand. Students found the lectures easy to follow and very
useful in learning the materials. Students felt that the textbook did not provide much in the way of
explanations or examples, and that it was sometimes disorganized. Suggestions for improvement
included adding in more examples for students to practice as well as choosing a different textbook.
Prospective students should have some mathematical background but should be able to stay with the
materials if they attend each class and complete the homework on time.
EN.550.311.01-02
Probability and Statistics for the Biological Sciences & Engineering
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.17
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the lecture notes being posted online, as
well as the interesting materials being taught. Many students thought that the tests were extremely
difficult, harshly graded and unfair. Students found that homework did not reflect what was being
taught in class, and that incorrect answers were sometimes given full credit, making it difficult to study.
The textbook was equally ineffective, and many students thought that the professor's teaching style was
not conducive to learning the materials. Students found that materials covered in class did not align to
the homework, and that the exams had completely different materials altogether. Suggestions for
improvement included altering the homework assignments to make them more effective study tools for
the exams. Students also felt that additional opportunities to raise their grade would be helpful, since
the professor refused to curve. Prospective students are advised that this will be a difficult, work-
intensive course. They should have background knowledge in statistics, and calculus I through III would
also be beneficial.
EN.550.361.01-04
Introduction to Optimization
Donniell Fishkind
14
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professor, whom students found to be extremely knowledgeable
about the materials and eager to help students learn. Lectures had all of the information students
needed to complete their homework and exams, and came away feeling confident in the material.
Students did not care for the textbook, which they found did not cover as much material as was
reviewed in class. Students also felt that exams test their abilities to memorize proofs rather than
understand the materials. Suggestions for improvement included using a different textbook that had
additional examples and practice problems. Students also wanted less time to be spent on theory and
more time spent studying actual equations. Additional study sessions were also requested. Prospective
students should be prepared to attend each lecture and take notes in order to study for the exam. They
should ask questions about materials they're unclear about and keep up with the homework.
EN.550.385.01
Scientific Computing
Youngmi Hur
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
Students believed that they learned a lot during this challenging course. They liked the opportunities to
work in MATLAB and thought that they could ask questions as needed. Many students found that there
was very little guidance to using MATLAB at the beginning of the course, and that they had to learn
everything on their own. They also thought the workload was a bit heavy, and that the lectures could
get very dull. Students suggested changing the way the course is taught to be more interactive and
engaging so that students feel more comfortable asking questions. Students also suggested that the
course should have at least an introduction to MATLAB, and that algorithms taught in class should be
put into actual research concepts to make them easier to understand and memorize. Prospective
students are warned that this is a very difficult class, and math skills and previous MATLAB experience
will be extremely useful.
EN.550.391.01
Dynamic Systems
Gregory Eyink
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.400.01
Mathematical Modeling and Consulting
Nam Lee
Overall quality of the class: 3.47
Summary:
15
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Students liked learning about the R programming language and felt that many of the things they learned
were practical and useful. Many students noted that the professor seemed disorganized, and that the
quizzes were difficult and did not reflect the content covered in the homework assignments. Students
suggested reorganizing the lectures to provide more details about the information being taught, as well
as providing outside resource they could use to help them study. Students also wanted the homework
problems and the quizzes to cover the same materials. Prospective students should be prepared to
study and learn the materials on their own time using the textbook as reference. They should do the
homework assignments sooner rather than later and would benefit from knowing statistics before
taking this course.
EN.550.413.01-02
Applied Statistics and Data Analysis
Daniel Naiman, Minh Tang
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
Students liked the very practical and applicable way the materials were taught, and felt that they were
able to learn a lot because of it. The lectures, textbook, and homework assignments all provided
excellent information and were valuable resources when studying for the exams. Students also found
the professor to be very engaging and helpful throughout the course, although they thought his lectures
were a bit fast and that the lecture slides did not contain all of the information they needed. Suggestions
for improvement included having shorter, more detailed lecture slides and cutting out some of the
materials covered over the class so that the remaining concepts could be covered more in depth.
Students also wanted a textbook that followed the course format more closely. Prospective students
should be interested in learning how to use computer programs for statistics, particularly R
programming. This course requires a solid background in statistics, and having some prior experience to
programming in general is very beneficial.
EN.550.420.01-04
Introduction to Probability
John Wierman
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspects of this course were the interesting concepts and materials
covered in class. The professor was very passionate about his subject and really monitored students'
efforts to help those who put in the effort, which he would use when determining (and sometimes
boosting) grades. Students found the exams to be rather difficult and did not like that many of the
concepts were taught using PowerPoint slides. Instead, students suggested that using Blackboard
instead of PowerPoint and providing additional study materials like old exams would help them study
more effectively. Prospective students should be prepared for a challenging but interesting course
where effort is rewarded and supported. Students are encouraged to complete all of the extra credit
opportunities and be prepared to work hard.
EN.550.427.01
16
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Stochastic Processes and Applications to Finance
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
Students felt that the professor's lectures and the well-planned execution of each lesson were some of
the best aspects of this course. They found it easy to follow the course material, and found the topics to
be quite interesting. Some of the students felt that the second half of the semester felt more rushed
than the first half, which was a bit too slow. Students suggested spending less time on the first few
chapters and spending that time instead going more in depth in the later chapters. Students also wanted
more applications of the theorem with practical uses and examples. Any prospective students should
have an interest in probability and measure theory, and although background knowledge in these two
areas are helpful, it is not necessary. Students should be aware that although the materials may seem
daunting, the work is quite doable and the professor is always willing to answer questions.
EN.550.433.01
Monte Carlo Methods
James Spall
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
Students found this course to be very enjoyable because of its diverse content and the very practical
coding techniques taught over the semester. Students felt that they learned a very solid understanding
of MATLAB and R programming, and that they will be able to apply what they learned to everyday
issues. Students felt that the homework was difficult and work-heavy and that the assignments did not
really prepare them for the quizzes. Students also thought that the professor would direct them back to
the reading or told them to try multiple things before he would answer questions, if he did at all.
Students suggested spending more time with concrete examples for each concept, spending more time
on a lessened syllabus. They wanted more practical applications of what they were learning, as well as
more guidance in figuring out problems. Prospective students should have some background knowledge
in linear algebra, calculus, and programming, as well as knowing upper level probability.
EN.550.436.01-02
Data Mining
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspects of this course included the very useful, applicable things they
learned about machine learning. They thought it was good practice of the R language, and that there
were plenty of reference materials. Students felt that the lecture notes did not have the information
they needed, and were often confusing, vague, or too theoretical. They suggested making the materials
more applicable to real world scenarios, focusing less on theory. Students also wanted well-developed
17
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
notes online that they could refer to in the future. Prospective students should have a strong
background in statistics, as well as a familiarity with R programming.
EN.550.442.01-02
Investment Science
Peng Liu
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
Students liked the real-world application of the materials covered in class, and found that the professor
taught each model fairly, pointing out both the strengths and weaknesses. Some of the students felt
that there was too much material to cover, and that some of the models are not applicable. Students
suggested lightening the course load by focusing on fewer models with more depth. Prospective
students should have a general understanding of investments and some calculus. Students should be
prepared for a course that focuses on math models and their applications to the financial world.
EN.550.444.01-02
Introduction to Financial Derivatives
David Audley
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of this course were the real-life applications of the theories discussed
in class, as well as the very useful sections to review and develop materials discussed in the lecture.
Students felt that this was a good introduction to financial derivatives and that they had plenty of
materials to review for exams. Many students found the concepts difficult, and found that the lectures
were broad and lacked enthusiasm. Suggestions for improvement included getting rid of the PowerPoint
presentations in favor of interactive discussions with detailed notes and more real-world applications of
the materials. Prospective students should make sure that they keep up with the reading and that a
strong math or financial background will come in handy.
EN.550.446.01
Risk Measurement/Management in Financial Markets
David Audley
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting materials covered in the course, and how
relevant they were to real world examples. Students thought the lectures could get a bit dry, so they
suggested making more interactive lectures, or including additional materials like case studies or pre-
recorded lectures to encourage discussions in the classroom. Prospective students should have a
financial background and be interesting in studying risk management as it is used in the real world.
EN.550.461.01
18
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Optimization in Finance
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
Students found that the materials and concepts covered in class included a variety of useful information.
Students also thought that the professor explained things clearly and concisely. Students did not care for
the way things were graded and felt grading should be more lenient. Students also wanted more focus
into the financial aspect of things. Prospective students should have a background in linear algebra, and
should have an interest in learning more about optimization.
EN.550.463.01
Network Models in Operations Research
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.487.01
Numerical Simulation of Stochastic Differential Equations
Christian Laslescu
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.620.01
Probability Theory I
James Fill
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
Students praised this course for having a knowledgeable and well-prepared instructor who created a
well-organized course. Still, multiple students found the course's subject matter to be hard to follow, so
they suggested going over more examples and relying less on PowerPoint slides for the lectures.
Prospective students should know that students found the course "very difficult" with a heavy workload.
Students also found that a background in analysis and mathematics was important for success.
EN.550.630.01
Statistical Theory
Carey Priebe
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
19
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Summary:
Students praised this course for its interesting subject matter and enthusiastic instructor who "genuinely
cared that students learned." Issues with the course varied, but some students found the coursework
hard to understand. Suggestions for improvement included having the instructor go over more concepts
and details during the lectures. Prospective students should know that the course was difficult and that
the professor seemed to expect students to have some background in statistics.
EN.550.635.01
Topics in Bioinformatics
Donald Geman
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.648.01
Credit and Systemic Risk
Agostino Capponi
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.649.01
Theory of Finance
Helyette Geman
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.661.01
Foundations of Optimization
Daniel Robinson
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
Students widely touted the instructor as one of the best aspects of the course, saying he could, "explain
complex things in an extremely clear and beautiful way." Issues with the course varied greatly among
students, but several found the course challenging. Suggestions for improvement included providing
more examples or tougher homework so that students could determine if they had mastered the course
material. Prospective students should have a good familiarity with MATLAB, and that they should know
how to develop a proof before taking this course.
EN.550.666.01
Combinatorial Optimization
20
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Amithabh Basu
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
Students praised this course for its interesting subject matter and appreciated how the instructor taught
the materials in a clear and logical manner. However, students felt the course had an uneven pacing,
with some students saying the course went slowly through some topics and then breezed through
others. Suggestions for improvement included grading the course's homework assignments and count it
towards students' final grades. Prospective students should know that the course required students to
have a good work ethic and discipline as homework assignments ha to be completed, despite being
ungraded. These homework assignments prepared students for lectures and other assignments.
EN.550.684.01
Mathematical Foundations of Computational Anatomy
Elie Younes
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.692.01
Matrix Analysis and Linear Algebra
Youngmi Hur
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
Students praised the engaging instructor who was able to effectively convey ideas during lectures. Issues
with the course varied. Some students wish the course met fewer times a week but for longer periods of
time so that students could spend more time working on material in class. Other students disliked that
the instructor's lectures closely mirrored the textbook, which led some students to say they could have
skipped class. Suggestions for improvement included a desire to increase the duration of classes as well
as a desire by students for additional time to complete exams. Prospective students should have a
background in proofs and linear algebra, and be willing to commit a fair chunk of time to completing the
homework assignments.
EN.550.695.01
Advanced Parameterization in Science and Engineering
Gregory Eyink
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
21
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
ART DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.371.131.01-02
Studio Drawing I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 4.90
Summary:
Students said the best aspects of this course included a friendly instructor and the fact that the class
challenged the way students saw objects, faces, and people in the world. Complaints were few, although
some students thought the grading of their portfolio was subjective. Students felt the class would have
been improved with greater focus and instruction on technical skills. Prospective students should know
no drawing experience was required to do well in this class though it could help. Students were
expected to show some improvement by the course's end.
AS.371.133.01
Painting Workshop I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was the opportunity it allowed students to paint and grow as an artist. The
course allowed students to perform a variety of painting exercises and receive feedback, which multiple
students felt helped them grows as artists. Criticism for the class was few and far between, but some
students said there wasn't enough time during class to complete their works without them feeling
rushed. Suggestions for improvement included expanded time for the class either by adding an
additional class day each week or providing more guidance during existing class time for students.
Prospective students should know that painting experience isn't required but was helpful. The course
was somewhat time intensive and required some investment of time outside of class to complete work.
AS.371.149.01
Visual Reality
D.S. Bakker
22
ART
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was the open forum it provided for students to explore and express
themselves. Students praised the class for encouraging them to think differently, a skill that would be
applicable in other classes. Students' complaints focused on the pacing of the course, with perceived
issues ranging from classes being too long to not having enough time to complete their works. Some
students also disliked course work that focused on the online game "Second Life." Suggestions to
improve the course included having the program provide students more material so students wouldn't
have to go out of pocket to pay for supplies. Prospective students should know that no prior art
experience was required for the class and students had to purchase their own art supplies.
AS.371.151.01
Photoshop/Digital Darkroom
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.371.152.01
Introduction to Digital Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was that it showed students how to properly use their camera and taught
them how to use parts of Photoshop. Students also ranked the instructor as one of the best aspects of
the class, describing him as "patient," "enthusiastic," and "helpful." Some students, however, thought
the class needed better organization and clearer instruction of expectations. Multiple students
complained of both subjective grading and a lack of grades until they were well into the semester.
Suggestions for improvement included improved organization and a better and faster grading system.
Students also requested more feedback both from classmates and the professor on the quality of their
photos. Prospective students should know that the class was fun but students needed to stay on top of
assignments to avoid being in a rush as the course ends.
AS.371.162.01-02
Black and White : Digital Darkroom
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the field trips for this photography class, as well as the intimate
nature of the small class. Some students thought the once-a-week class was too long and required too
much of a time commitment outside of class for them to be able complete assignments. Suggestions for
23
ART
improvement included students asking for more constructive criticism from the instructor so they could
better improve their skills. Prospective students should know that a general knowledge of photography
was helpful but not at all required as the class provided an introduction to photography as well as fun
field trips. Furthermore, while the workload wasn't described as extreme, students should expect to
work outside of class.
AS.371.164.01
Introduction to Printmaking
Larcia Premo
Overall quality of the class: 3.56
Summary:
Students said that the best aspect of the course was the freedom the class gave students to work on a
variety of projects and to pick images of their choosing. Some students also found that freedom
frustrating as they struggled to pick a print or were unsure if a print was good. Students also reported a
lack of supplies, which led to a competition among students over materials. Finally, some students felt
the class required more time and effort than they expected for the credits they earned. Suggestions for
improvement included clearer instructions on how to complete assignments as well as more resources
for students. Prospective students should know that a background in the arts helped but was not
required. Students also had to spend a fair amount of time outside of class working to finish their
projects.
AS.371.165.01
Location Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the field trips students took to varying locations as well as the artistic
freedom the class offered. Some students felt that the class could have used clearer direction and
instruction while others said they would have liked more feedback from the instructor. Suggestions for
improvement included an increased emphasis on one-on-one feedback and instruction. Prospective
students should know that the course was fun and was great for people who are into photography.
AS.371.167.01
Lens to Page: The Photographer's Book
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the ability for students to be creative as well as to learn more
about how to operate Photoshop. Many students felt the class had a heavier workload than they
expected while some felt the class had organizational issues as they felt not enough time was spent on
important lessons before the class moved on to a new topic. Suggestions for improvements included a
greater focus on shooting photos as well as added instruction on how to take better photos. Prospective
24
ART
students should know that the course didn't require any prior experience with photography or
Photoshop, but students did have to perform some work outside of class.
AS.371.168.01
The Art of Architecture
Craig Hankin, Charles Phinney
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the knowledgeable instructor as well as the fact that the class
encouraged students to embrace and learn about art. Students expressed a desire that the class offered
more in-class time to focus on architectural design. Suggestions for improvement varied from increasing
the amount of time to work on designs to tweaking to the class' format to add additional readings.
Prospective students should know the class was fun and was a course where one could make mistakes.
The class required time and effort and was not a "cake walk."
AS.371.303.01
Documentary Photography
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
According to students, the best aspects of this course included that the class engaged a different and
creative part of their brain which isn't always engaged in other courses, as well as the fact it included a
variety of enjoyable field trips. Multiple students felt the class would have been better if individual
students could get more hands-on and personal attention from the instructor. Suggestions for
improvement included, "more small assignments and more structured practice." Prospective students
should realize that there wasn't a great deal of work outside the classroom early in the course, however
the workload ramped up as time passed.
25
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
BEHAVIORAL BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.290.101.01
Human Origins
Peter Holland
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspect of this class was the ready availability of the recorded lectures and
notes online. They appreciated being able to go back and listen to a lecture again, and felt that the
professor was very knowledgeable and interested in the subject. However, students did not like the fact
that the only grades in the course came from exams based on memorization skills. Other students felt
that the lecture could have used more discussions and multimedia to make classes more engaging.
Suggestions for improvement include adding additional opportunities for grading, such as homework
assignments or papers. Students also felt that more visual aspects in the lectures would make the slides
easier to read and understand. Prospective students should be prepared to read and memorize
extensive amounts of information for this class.
AS.290.301.01
Stress and the Brain
Farrah Madison
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students found the best aspects of this course included the very interesting material covered, as well as
the enthusiasm of the professor. However, several students noted that she sometimes went too quickly
through the materials, or had to rush through certain topics in order to cover everything in the lecture.
Students suggested changing the format of the class to allow more time for discussion and
comprehension of the materials. Students also would have liked more graded work assignments to help
boost grades. Prospective students would benefit greatly from a background in neuroscience or biology,
but neither are necessary, so as long as students pay attention in class and do the readings.
AS.290.420.01
26
BEHAVIORAL BIOLOGY
Human Sexual Orientation
Chris Kraft
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
Students felt that the interesting materials covered and the engaging discussions were the best aspects
of this course. The professor was very approachable and enthusiastic. Some students felt that the course
was a bit writing intensive, however, as there were several papers in addition to the exams. Students
suggested having fewer papers due during the course. They also wanted more guest lecturers, whom
they felt helped keep the course fresh and engaging. Students recommend that prospective students be
prepared to attend each lecture, and to actively participate in the class discussions.
AS.290.490.01
Behavioral Biology
Peter Holland
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
Students felt that the interactivity of each class was the best aspect of the course. They enjoyed the
class discussions and the engaging manner of the professor, who was well versed in the materials.
However, some students felt that the discussions would sometimes become a little too opinion based,
so they suggested spending some of the discussion time analyzing the reading materials in more depth.
Students also suggested adding more interactive elements to the assignments, such as film clips to
watch with the homework readings. Prospective students should be self-motivated and prepared to
complete the readings and work before class so that they can fully engage in the group discussions.
27
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.020.104.01
Freshmen Seminar: From Genes to DNA and Back
E. Moudrianakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
Students praised this course for having an interesting subject matter that spurred "engaging peer
discussion." Issues with the course were few, although some students complained that the experience
could be dragged down when some students didn't do the reading. Suggestions for improvement
included adding more varied topics for class discussion. Other students wanted the instructor to have a
firmer role in the course either by giving more traditional lectures or guiding the class discussions.
Prospective students should know that the class is virtually all discussion based and requires students to
be actively engage. Students who didn't do the reading or weren't engaged were easy to spot.
AS.020.106.01
Freshmen Seminar: Tuberculosis
Robert Horner
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Students praised this course for having an interesting subject matter and having an instructor who
brought insight and direct experience to the class. Students had few issues with the course, although
some students wished the course was longer and rewarded more credits. Another student thought the
course assumed students had detailed knowledge of the immune system. Suggestions for improvement
included a desire for lab work involving tuberculosis. Prospective students should know that students
found the course accessible, but that some background in biology was helpful.
AS.020.111.01
Freshmen Seminar: The `Nobels' in Medicine and Chemistry
Ludwig Brand
28
BIOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
Students praised this course for having an interesting instructor and for improving students' public
speaking skills through classroom presentations. Issues with the course varied with some students
finding the course could become tedious if student presentations were boring. Suggestions for
improvement included having more structure in the course, particularly a desire for greater clarity of
expectations on assignments. Prospective students should know that the course was participation-
based, so attendance and engagement were essential.
AS.020.135.01
Project Lab: Phage Hunting
Emily Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
Students praised this course for allowing students an independent and hands-on experience in a lab
setting with approachable instructors who could assist students. However, some students disliked how
they could be forced to redo parts of an experiment if things didn't go as planned. Students also found
the course ate up a fair amount of their time when working on lab work. Suggestions for improvement
included a desire for greater clarity on procedures when performing experiments in the lab. Prospective
students should know that students found the course interesting with a manageable workload. Students
also found that the course was approachable for non-science majors.
AS.020.135.02
Project Lab: Phage Hunting
Joel Schildbach
Overall quality of the class: 4.92
Summary:
Students liked the hands-on experience in a lab, and appreciated how the instructors assisted them as
needed. However, students disliked needing to start over if an experiment failed, and found that lab
work took up a lot of their time. Suggestions for improvement included giving better and more detailed
instructions for the lab procedures. Prospective students should know that the workload is about
average, and that students found the materials interesting. Students did not need to be science majors
to appreciate and understand the materials.
AS.020.151.01-02
General Biology I
Richard McCarty, Rebecca Pearlman, Christov Roberson, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
Students praised how the course had multiple professors leading the class, which they felt kept the class
fresh and engaging. However, some students disliked some of the instructors' teaching styles, and other
29
BIOLOGY
students found the course wasn't challenging enough. Suggestions for improvement varied; many
students suggested changing how grades were determined, while others wished that some assignments
such as BioLit were eliminated entirely. Other students wished exams included more short-answer
portions. Prospective students should know that having a background in Biology was helpful, and that
the course had a reasonable workload.
AS.020.153.01-06
General Biology Laboratory I
Rebecca Pearlman
Overall quality of the class: 4.01
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course for having outdoor labs and for giving students hands-on
experience. Students' issues with the course included a dislike for the duration of the three-hour course,
and they felt that the final portion of the course was completely filler assignments. Suggestions for
improvement included a desire for greater clarity in terms of what students needed to do during lab
assignments. Prospective students should know that the course had a decent amount of work, but there
was little work that needed to be done outside of class.
AS.020.161.01
Biology Workshop I
Rebecca Pearlman
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Students praised this course for having a reasonable amount of work and for allowing students to work
in groups. However, some students felt that expectations and instructions were somewhat disjointed.
Students suggested adding more organization and more hands-on activities. Prospective students should
know that the course was a class worth taking, and that it had a "very low workload."
AS.020.305.01
Biochemistry
Emily Fisher, Vincent Hilser, Young-Sam Lee, Kathryn Tifft Oshinnaiye
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course for having multiple instructors who worked to keep the course
interesting and engaging despite its large size. Students also praised the support of student learning
through podcasts and instructors who seemed genuinely interested in seeing students succeed.
However, students felt that having four instructors led to issues ranging from disjointed instructions to
lectures of varying quality. Some students also felt the course covered so much ground that learning felt
rushed. Suggestions for improvement included some students wishing the course was taught by one
professor, while multiple students stressed the importance of having an instructor or instructors who
are comfortable teaching in English. Prospective students should know that the course required some
background in biology and chemistry and that regular studying was required to succeed.
30
BIOLOGY
AS.020.315.01-10
Biochemistry Laboratory
Robert Horner
Overall quality of the class: 3.22
Summary:
Students praised this course for exposing them to a laboratory environment and that the course was
"good at teaching you the basic biochemistry techniques but [was] not overly complicated." However,
many students found the course's grading system to be unfair as lab work and other assignments
represented only a small portion of their grade compared to a final practical exam. Suggestions for
improvement included a desire that other assignments have increased weight in determining students'
final grades. Prospective students should know that the course is challenging and competitive, so
students needed to be ready to take on denser material.
AS.020.329.01
Microbiology
Jocelyne Diruggiero, Emily Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
Students praised this course for having amazing lecturers who went over both molecular and ecological
aspects of microbiology. Multiple students found that the first half of the course was more cohesive and
effective than the second half. Other students overall found the course involved too much science
minutiae. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for speedier feedback on assignments and
additional material such as practice exams or actual assignments so students could have a better sense
of how well they were doing in the course. Prospective students should know that the course had a
manageable amount of assigned reading but stressed attending class and paying attention in lectures
was necessary for success in this course.
AS.020.330.01
Genetics
Kyle Cunningham, Myles Hoyt
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Students praised this course for having passionate and engaged instructors and for covering subject
matter interesting for people interested in medicine or biological sciences. Some students had issues
with the course's exams and homework with students saying there was a disconnect between the two.
Suggestions for improvement included a desire for four exams instead of three in order to spread out
the course's workload. Other students wanted additional course notes for the class with some asking for
lecturer recordings or lecture notes. Prospective students should know that the course is challenging,
but the instructors were very enthusiastic. Students also found that completing the homework and
practice problems aided students' success in the course.
31
BIOLOGY
AS.020.334.01
Planets, Life and the Universe
Jocelyne Diruggiero, Naomi Levin, Colin Norman
Overall quality of the class: 3.74
Summary:
Students praised the hands-on experiences in the lab, and described the course as great at establishing
the principles of the genetics course. Issues with the course included a complaint that the exams were
too hard, so students suggested allowing for more time to complete exams. Prospective students should
know that the course informative and enjoyable but noted grading was tough in the course.
AS.020.340.01-03; 07
Genetics Laboratory
Carolyn Norris
Overall quality of the class: 3.51
Summary:
Students praised this course for allowing them to tackle interesting experiments and for helping to
"establish the principles of the actual genetics course." Many students found the course to be
disorganized with multiple students finding that they were unsure what they would be tested on.
Suggestions for improvement included providing greater organization in the course, including clearer
instructions for the course's labs. Prospective students should know that the course paired well with the
genetics lecture course, but the course lacked organization and required a decent amount of students'
time.
AS.020.379.01
Evolution
Carolyn Norris
Overall quality of the class: 3.58
Summary:
Most students found the instructor very helpful and the course material fascinating. Various students
found the course was disorganized, as the date assignments were given and due shifted frequently.
Suggestions for improvement included a desire to see greater organization in the class. Prospective
students should know that the coursework was manageable, and that the course focuses primarily on
human evolution.
AS.020.380.01
Eukaryotic Molecular Biology
E. Moudrianakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
32
BIOLOGY
Students praised this course for teaching them new ways of thinking about biology. Multiple students
had issues with grading, however. Students complained that their grade was determined by two exams,
neither of which was returned, leaving them uncertain of what grade they would receive. Suggestions
for improvement included a desire for small quizzes or practice problem sets to aid students in
preparing for exams and knowing how well they were doing. Prospective students should know that
students enjoyed the course however they found that taking good notes was important as the instructor
doesn't use PowerPoint slides and the exams are mostly based on information given in lectures.
AS.020.420.01
Build-a-Genome
Joel Bader, Jef Boeke, Karen Zeller
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.020.441.01
Mentoring in Biology
Rebecca Pearlman, Christov Roberson, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 4.85
Summary:
Students praised this course as a great way to help people by mentoring general biology students.
Complaints were few, although some found that not enough students took advantage of the mentoring
sessions. Suggestions for improvement included exploring more ways to get students to the mentoring
sessions. Prospective students should know that students found the course enjoyable and a great way to
help fellow students and build relationships with professors.
33
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.580.111.01
BME Modeling and Design
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
Students liked the project-based learning and felt that the group projects allowed them to get to know
and work with other BME students. However, many students disliked the workload, feeling that it was
too high and required too much work outside of class. Students also found that some projects had
unclear instructions which made completing projects unnecessarily hard. Suggestions for improvement
included making the lectures more interesting and engaging, and either be reducing the workload or
increasing the course's credit value. Prospective students should know that the course was primarily
group based and that some knowledge of biology and physiology was useful.
EN.580.221.01-05
Molecules and Cells
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
Students praised this course for covering interesting material in a short time. Students also liked
involving multiple instructors. However, some students disliked that while the course covered a great
deal of material, it didn't go into a great deal of detail on each topic. Because of this, students suggested
that the course focus change to cover fewer topics in more depth. Prospective students should know
that the course was challenging and some prior knowledge of biology or biochemistry was helpful but
not required.
EN.580.311.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
34
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
Students thought that the good aspects of this course were the creative and practical projects that
involved dealing with real-world medical issues. Students liked working with experts in their fields, and
felt that they gained valuable design experience. Students found that the feedback they received was
often erratic and unhelpful, and that there was no rhyme or reason to the grading. Students also
thought that the lectures did not provide any real help or important information, and suggested
improving lectures with more real-world examples and putting more emphasis on the design process.
Students also wanted more feedback and a detailed explanation of the grading system. Prospective
students are highly encouraged to take this course to get hands on and practical design experience.
Although it requires a large time commitment, students will learn a lot over the course of the semester.
EN.580.321.01-04
Statistical Mechanics and Thermodynamics
Michael Beer
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students founds that the best aspects of this course included the professor's very clear lectures, the
textbook and the interesting materials. Students liked the topics covered and thought that all of the
materials and teaching methods worked well together. Students did find that quizzes required more
memorization than understanding and that the workload got increasingly heavier over the semester.
Students suggested providing answer keys to the study materials and either lightening the workload or
dropping the lowest scores. Prospective students should know that the work is doable so long as they
attend lectures and keep on top of the reading. The course will be challenging but enjoyable.
EN.580.411.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
Students loved having the hands-on, real-world experience when they worked on their projects. They
found that they got to understand the design process and appreciated being able to work on teams to
create something. Students did not like the quizzes and some of the lectures, which they realized did not
add to the final project, and were simply busy work that took away from actual engineering time.
Students suggested decreasing the number of quizzes and adding in more committee meetings.
Students wanted more feedback on their grades, and fewer presentations. Prospective students are
highly encouraged to take this course because of the real-world experience and group dynamics.
Students must be willing to commit a large amount of time to the course, and be comfortable with
presentations.
EN.580.413.01
Design-Team, Team Leader
Robert Allen
35
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
Students loved the freedom and experience of building something physical to address a real-world
problem in the medical field. They thought this course provided an invaluable experience and loved the
hands-on approach. They found that the course was somewhat disorganized, and that the grading
criteria were confusing and unclear. Students suggested getting rid of the quizzes and providing very
clear directions and expectations for assignments. Prospective students should be prepared to commit
almost all of their time to this course but are highly encouraged to take the course for the experience.
EN.580.420.01
Build-a-Genome
Joel Bader, Jef Boeke, Karen Zeller
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.421.01-04
Systems Bioengineering I
Natalia Trayanova
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course were the lectures that were given by professors who
are experts in their fields. Students found the variety of BME topics extremely interesting, and they
thought that they were exposed to a lot of materials over the semester. Students found the work
extremely difficult, and felt that many of the lecturers were fast-paced and difficult to follow. The
homework often did not reflect what was taught in class, and grading seemed arbitrary. Students
suggested including more homework assignments and shorter exams and quizzes to spread out the
materials they were required to study for each assessment. They also wanted more review sections
before the exams and wanted the homework materials to reflect the information from the lectures.
Prospective students must be prepared for a work-intensive and challenging course. The course is
demanding but they will learn a lot.
EN.580.423.01-04
Systems Bioengineering Lab I
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
Students liked the hands-on approach of this lab, and felt that applying what they learned in lecture to
the labs was the best aspect of this course. Many students found that the exams were difficult, and
were not sure how the labs were graded. Students also experienced lab equipment failure, which made
it difficult to complete the labs. Suggestions for improvement included providing detailed instructions or
36
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
guidelines to explain how things were graded, as well as providing feedback for incorrect answers.
Prospective students should be aware that they will be killing frogs in the labs, and that the course load
is relatively light. Students are encouraged to take this course concurrently with Systems
Bioengineering, as the materials are usually handled at the same time.
EN.580.429.01-04
Systems Bioengineering III
Joel Bader
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The good aspects of the course included the professor, who kept the lectures interesting, and the
homework, which prepared students for the quizzes and exams. Students liked learning about the
mathematical aspects of organic systems, but thought that the lectures often had nothing to do with the
homework. Students also found that the homework schedule was erratic, and that the course was
somewhat disorganized. Suggestions for improvement included tying the homework and lectures
together, including more lectures about the mathematical applications to the theories, and providing an
organized study guide at least a week before the exams. Prospective students should use the homework
to help them study for exams, and to be prepared for a fair amount of work. Students need to stay on
top of the work, but will find the class to be informative.
EN.580.441.01
Cellular Engineering
Jordan Green, Kevin Yarema
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the wide breadth of topics covered over the semester. Students
found the information interesting, and they thought that they improved their MATLAB skills because of
this course. Students found that studying for the exams was mostly a matter of memorization, and
believed that memorizing details like long equations that could easily be looked up in the workplace was
unnecessary. Students found that the workload in general was too much, especially towards the end of
the semester, and suggested reworking the schedule to spread out due dates. Students also wanted the
course materials, or at least the exams, to be simplified to focus on big ideas and allow for cheat sheets
instead of memorizing everything. Students also wanted the lectures to relate to one another, either
through themes, skills, or materials. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy workload with
a lot of memorization. Students need to know MATLAB and basic biology.
EN.580.471.01-02
Principles of Design of BME Instrumentation
Nitish Thakor
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
37
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the challenge project because they liked having
the freedom to design and build something. Students thought that this course required much more
work than a typical 3-credit course, and that many of the lectures were ineffective. Students suggested
reducing the amount of work at the end of the semester and wanted more emphasis on real-world
design and practical decision making. Prospective students should be prepared to spend a large chunk of
their time doing work for this course, but should know that the course is fun and creative as well.
EN.580.580.01
Senior Design Project
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.45
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the independent project where they
could design and work on a real-life scenario. They found that they got to apply what they'd learned in
previous courses to their project. They did not like the quizzes in the course and also found that the
lectures were not applicable to their projects. They believed that the course could use more structure
and lectures that were tailored towards the students' projects, or get rid of the lectures altogether and
simply have check-in meetings with the professor over the course of the semester. Prospective students
should be prepared to work on a team outside of class. They should be self-motivated and self-sufficient
enough to dedicate the time they will need to work on the project.
EN.580.602.01
Special Topics in Bioengineering Innovation and Design
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.606.01
The Business of Bioengineering Innovation & Design
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.607.01
Regulation of Medical Devices
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 3.47
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspect of this course was having access to FDA officials so they could
receive feedback and input on their projects. Students liked the lectures, and they found that the
38
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
information they learned was interesting. Some of the lectures were repetitive, so students suggested
regulating the speakers to talk on specific, complementary but non-overlapping subjects. Prospective
students should be prepared to attend class with questions for the lecturers and take notes on what
they learn.
EN.580.611.01
Medical Device Design
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.619.01
Bioengineering Innovation and Design  Global Health
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.621.01
Insight Informed Innovation
Brandon Craft, Paul Fearis
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.625.01
Structure and Function of the Auditory and Vestibulary Systems
Paul Fuchs, Elisabeth Glowatzki
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.633.01
Horizons in Biological Calcium and Voltage Signaling
David Yue
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.639.01
Models of the Neuron
Eric Young
39
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.641.01
Cellular Engineering
Jordan Green, Kevin Yarema
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.771.01
Principles of the Design of Biomedical Instrumentation
Nitish Thakor
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
40
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
BIOPHYSICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.250.131.01
Topics  Biophysics Research
Richard Cone, Karen Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the light course load and the focus on a variety of different
branches in Biophysics that gave students an overview of the field. Freshmen found this course very
helpful when they were trying to decide if they wanted to major or minor in Biophysics as the course
gave them an in-depth idea of what that might entail. However, some students felt that the lectures
were a bit long, or hoped for more details on some of the topics. Suggestions for improvement included
providing more of an overview of the Biophysics major at Johns Hopkins, and inviting guest lecturers to
speak on different topics over the semester. Any prospective students are encouraged to take this
course if they are interested in pursuing a Biophysics major, or if they simply have an interest in the
materials. They should know that the course does not require a lot of work and that some background
knowledge in Biology is helpful but not necessary.
AS.250.205.01
Introduction to Computing
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of this course included the topics covered in class and the small class
size that made it a comfortable place to ask questions and participate. However, many of the students
felt that the course was disorganized, and that the workload was too great for an introductory level
course. They also found it difficult to follow the syllabus and to know due dates for assignments because
the schedule changed each week. Suggestions for improvement included having more structured
lectures that provided detailed information and explained a topic in more depth. Students also wanted
fewer assignments that were less complex assignments on a more consistent and evenly spread out
schedule. Suggestions for prospective students include having an interest in computer programming,
41
BIOPHYSICS
and some familiarity with computers. The course load is heavy, but students will learn a fair amount so
long as they are willing to put in a lot of time and effort for the course.
AS.250.253.01
Protein Engineering and Biochemistry Lab
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the lab experiments, which they felt were
very interesting and informative. Students really enjoyed the hands-on aspects of this lab and
appreciated the many skills they learned during the lab. However, students felt that many of the labs
were disorganized and poorly explained, which often made them confusing and time consuming.
Suggestions for improvement included breaking the course into two days, one for lecture, one for lab, so
that the key concepts and processes for the lab could be fully explained before students started a lab.
Students also wanted more structure and requested more detailed information about what was
expected of them for each lab and having explicit directions. Prospective students should be prepared
for extensive amounts of work. They do not need much prior knowledge of the subject, but should be
willing to participate and ask questions when they are confused or want additional clarification of
concepts.
AS.250.315.01
Biochemistry I
Patrick Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students felt that the small class size really helped them get to know their fellow students and
participate more in class. They liked the lectures, but felt that the pace was a bit too quick and that they
would have liked more time to go over the materials. Suggestions for improvement included increasing
the number of review sessions and providing more information during lectures so that students could
use their notes to study more effectively. Prospective students should be interested in pursuing a
Biochemistry major and be prepared for extensive studying each week.
AS.250.345.01
Cellular and Molecular Physiology
Richard Cone
Overall quality of the class: 4.49
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lectures and the very likeable professor.
Students felt that the information covered was very intriguing, and that the professor's enthusiasm and
passion for the subject kept them engaged the entire lecture. However, many students disliked that
there was no textbook to use when studying, and felt that the grading was ambiguous because they
never knew what the professor wanted or expected for assignments. Students also wished that some of
42
BIOPHYSICS
the lectures stayed on topic so that they knew what they needed to study for the exams. Suggestions for
improvement included providing lecture notes or outlines for review sessions, and including feedback
on the homework assignments for studying purposes. Prospective students should be prepared to learn
a lot and attend every lecture to ensure they get all of the information they need for the exams.
Students do not need background knowledge in the subject, but should be prepared to ask questions as
needed and spend a fair amount of time on the homework assignments.
AS.250.351.01
Reproductive Physiology
Richard Cone, Barry Zirkin
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of this course included the variety of contemporary topics discussed
during the lectures. They especially liked the guest lecturers, and felt that all of the material presented
was interesting and current. However, students disliked that there were only two exams for the entire
semester, which they felt heavily impacted their final grades. Suggestions for improvement included
breaking the course into smaller classes to promote discussion and conversation. Students also wanted
additional opportunities for grades, such as take home tests or homework assignments, or providing
more feedback on the exams given and changing some of the short answer questions to multiple choice.
Prospective students should be prepared to stay focused in a large class setting, and to pay attention to
the lectures in order to take good notes. There is very little work to complete outside of class, so they
should be prepared to study hard for the exams.
AS.250.353.01
Computational Biology
Patrick Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's very effective way of teaching, including well
organized and detailed lectures that clearly explained key concepts. Students found the labs to be
interesting and felt comfortable in the programs by the end of the semester. However, many students
found the tests to be unforgiving and difficult, and that the material itself was difficult to grasp at first.
Suggestions for improvement included adding in quizzes to help boost grades and teaching students
how to create their own programs. Prospective students should be comfortable with coding and
programming or the material will be difficult to understand. Students should be prepared for an
interesting course with a moderate amount of work.
AS.250.381.01
Spectroscopy and Its Application in Biophysical Reactions
Juliette Lecomte
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
43
BIOPHYSICS
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures and the very effective
use of the textbook. The professor was knowledgeable about the topic and accessible when students
had questions. However, many students found the material to be very difficult and demanding at times,
and that it was sometimes hard to apply what was learned to the exams. Suggestions for improvement
included providing a more basic breakdown of the concepts in the lectures for better comprehension of
the materials. Students also wanted the due dates of different assignments to be spread a little more
evenly so that two assignments were not due on the same day. Prospective students should be prepared
to complete a heavy workload outside of class. The materials are challenging but interesting, and staying
on top of the reading can help students keep up with the lectures.
AS.250.421.01
Advanced Seminar in Membrane Protein Structure, Function & Pharmacology
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
44
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
ARABIC DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.375.115.01-03
First Year Arabic
Fadel Abdallah, Khalil Tahrawi
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the small class sizes and the fact that
class met every day. They found the course to be in-depth and challenging, mostly because of the large
number of vocabulary words they were expected to learn. Students felt that the worst aspect of this
course was the pacing, as it went too quickly for many of the beginners, but too slowly for anyone with
prior language experience. Suggestions for improvement included adding in more conversational
activities without the professors' guidance so that students could try to complete the exercise with one
or both of the professors correcting them mid-sentence. Prospective students should be prepared for a
rigorous course where they learn an immense amount of vocabulary. They should be prepared to make
flash cards for study purposes and attend class every day.
AS.375.215.01
Second Year Arabic
Fadel Abdallah
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the cultural context used to teach the
language, as well as the professor's willingness to help struggling students. They liked how much
material was covered over the semester, and felt that they learned a lot. However, several students felt
that varying levels of students familiarity with the language sometimes made it difficult to have
conversations, and that it was difficult to absorb so much vocabulary so quickly. Suggestions for
improvement included adding more activities and conversational practice to get away from teaching
directly from the book. Students also wanted to see more contemporary media examples, such as
movies, television shows, and music. Prospective students should have a solid beginner's understanding
45
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: ARABIC
of the language and be prepared to take the initiative to study the materials. Students should also be
prepared to participate in class and study the textbook closely.
AS.375.301.01
Third Year Arabic
Fadel Abdallah
Overall quality of the class: 3.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
46
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
CHINESE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.373.111.01-02
First Year Heritage Chinese
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
Students thought that the professor was the best aspect of this course, as she was very helpful and
patient with students who struggled with the language. Students felt that they learned a lot of
vocabulary and basic grammatical concepts over the semester and liked how the exercises helped with
memorization. Many students felt that the pace was very quick and the workload intense, especially
with the amount of vocabulary they were expected to learn each week. Suggestions for improvement
included giving more detailed instructions and explanations on some of the grammatical concepts, and
providing more materials to use for studying the language. Prospective students should have some
working knowledge of Mandarin Chinese going into the course, and be prepared to memorize and study
between 60 to 80 words a week.
AS.373.115.01-04
First Year Chinese
Yi-Chen Chiang, Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of this course included the balance of grammar, vocabulary, and
culture in each lesson, and that they felt like they ended the semester with a solid foundation of the
language. Students liked both professors and felt that the small class size helped when they worked on
conversations and had class discussions. However, many students were not prepared for the amount of
work they needed to complete outside of the classroom, and felt that some of the lectures were a bit
too fast-paced for beginners. Suggestions for improvement included adding more speaking exercises to
the class schedule, and integrating more information about Chinese culture to give additional context
for the vocabulary being taught. Prospective students should be prepared for a rigorous and
comprehensive semester, and be willing to commit at least 10 hours of study outside of the classroom
47
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: CHINESE
each week. No prior knowledge of the language is necessary and students will have a good grasp of the
language upon completing this course.
AS.373.211.01
Second Year Heritage Chinese
Aiguo Chen
Overall quality of the class: 2.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.373.215.01-03
Second Year Chinese
Aiguo Chen, Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the vast amount of information covered over the semester, as
well as the many interactive activities during class. Students thought that the rigorous pacing and
extensive memorization was a challenging but effective way to get them to learn the language.
However, many students felt that some of the assignments and quizzes were excessive, and that more
time should be given to conversational activities. Students suggested improvement such as more open
discussion and conversational opportunities would be helpful, and that fewer quizzes or presentations
would give them more time to focus on studying. Prospective students should be prepared to work and
study hard and be willing to commit time every day to study.
AS.373.313.01
Third Year Heritage Chinese
Aiguo Chen
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the cultural context in which the
materials were taught and they liked having the chance to participate in conversations and discussions.
However, several students felt that there was a large discrepancy between students' prior experiences
with the language, and that because there were so many differing levels of ability, conversations were
often ineffective. Suggestions for improvement included adding in more grammatical support for
struggling students as well as a slower pace of instruction. Prospective students should have a solid
proficiency of the language going in as the class is taught almost entirely in Chinese. Students should
also be prepared to spend a lot of time outside of the class studying and memorizing the materials.
AS.373.315.01
Third Year Chinese
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
48
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: CHINESE
Summary:
Students thought that the professor was the best aspect of this course because of her proactive interest
in trying to help students succeed. Students found the course rigorous and demanding, but they learned
a lot of materials and gained a good proficiency over the semester. Students felt that the tests were a bit
too challenging and did not always cover what was learned in class. Suggestions for improvement
included increasing the number of oral activities and exercises to help with pronunciation and to
practice speaking. Students wanted more chances to work with their peers and practice what they were
learning in class. Prospective students should have a solid background in the language prior to enrolling
in this class. They should be prepared to work and study extensively outside of the class.
AS.373.415.01
Fourth Year Chinese
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
49
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
HEBREW DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.384.115.01
First Year Hebrew
Zvi Cohen
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
Summary:
Students praised the course for having a small class size which made learning "personal and fun" and
made it easy to get personal attention. Some students thought the pace of learning in the class was a bit
slow. Other students felt the class unfairly mixed, since some students had some expertise in the
language, while others had no history with the language, which hampered learning for both groups.
Suggestions for improvement included speeding up the pace of learning in the class room and perhaps
providing more opportunities to practice the language during class. Prospective students should know
that students found that some expertise in Hebrew was helpful for the class.
50
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
HINDI DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.381.101.01-02
First Year Hindi I
Uma Saini
Overall quality of the class: 4.41
Summary:
Students praised this course as a good introduction to Hindi. Students' issues with the course included
students thinking the course was slightly disorganized. Suggestions for improvement varied with some
students wishing the course offered more time for students to learn the language and to practice the
language in the class. Prospective students should know that students found the course didn't require
any prior knowledge of Hindi but that learning the language required daily dedication.
AS.381.201.01
Second Year Hindi I
Uma Saini
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students broadly praised the instructor's passion as the best feature of this course. Some students
found the course had substantial amounts of homework, requiring much more work than First Year
Hindi I. Suggestions for improvement included a desire by multiple students to slow down the course to
allow for more opportunities to practice Hindi in class. Prospective students should know that students
found the course moved quickly and students should be prepared for more work than in the first year
course.
51
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
JAPANESE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.378.115.01-03
First Year Japanese
Mayumi Johnson, Satoko Katagiri
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the frequent conversation opportunities and the vast amount of
information covered over the course of the semester. However, students often found the classes to go
too quickly, and felt that some of the more difficult grammar aspects could have been reviewed in more
depth. Students also found it extremely stressful to learn grammar one day and be quizzed on it the
next. Suggestions for improvement included spending more time on areas where students had difficulty,
decreasing the number of quizzes to make them more cumulative, and increasing the number of
conversation opportunities. Prospective students should be prepared to learn and retain a lot of
information in a short period of time. This course is recommended for anyone who wants a
concentrated understanding of basic Japanese language and culture.
AS.378.215.01-02
Second Year Japanese
Mayumi Johnson, Makikio Nakao
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the daily conversation sessions. They
thought that this course provided them with a comprehensive understanding of the language and
grammar. However, students did not like the amount of homework or the quizzes. Suggestions for
improvement included changing the way the course is graded so that quizzes have less weight than the
in-class sessions. Prospective students are encouraged to take this course if they hope to increase their
knowledge of the language and culture. They should be prepared for a substantial amount of work both
in and outside of the classroom.
AS.378.315.01
52
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: JAPANESE
Third Year Japanese
Satoko Katagiri
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the balanced lessons that tested students' reading, writing,
listening, and speaking abilities. Students felt much more confident in their grasp of the language and
appreciated the small class size. However, some students thought that they did not get enough time to
practice the skills they wanted to with their peers, and suggested a more structured class time to permit
additional speaking and listening activities. Other students suggested quick reviews of the material to
ensure that everyone remembered the grammar, and to focus what they learned on every day
Japanese. Prospective students should be prepared to complete the work and get to know their
classmates so they can review key words and grammar together.
AS.378.396.01
Fundamentals of Japanese Grammar
Mayumi Johnson
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.378.415.01
Fourth Year Japanese
Makikio Nakao
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
53
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
KOREAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.380.101.01
First Year Korean
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
Students thought the best aspects of this course included the fast, but methodical pace. They covered a
lot of material but the professor was very good in making sure that everyone knew the information
before continuing. Although the amount of content covered was a bit daunting, the biggest problem
students had was with the textbook, which had very little English translation. To improve the course,
students recommended that there should be a different textbook and more emphasis on conversational
activities. Prospective students should be prepared for a rigorous paced but manageable course for
beginners.
AS.380.201.01
Second Year Korean
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the friendly professor and the inviting class atmosphere.
Students felt that they learned a lot because of the immersive aspects of this course. Since most of the
class was taught in Korean, some students struggled to keep up as they had differing levels of familiarity
with the language. Suggestions for improvement included increasing the number of activities and
assisting students with less background knowledge of the language. Any prospective students should
have taken the first-level course or have a strong understanding of the language before taking this class.
AS.380.301.01
Third Year Korean
Choonwon Kang
54
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: KOREAN
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the wide range of topics covered, and the
effective teaching practices of the professor. The small class size helped students receive personalized
feedback and allowed for more conversations and discussions in class. Students found the course to be a
bit difficult and that most of the students were at different levels with the language. Suggestions for
improvement included adding another course with a more intermediate level of difficult, as many
students felt lost at this level. Any prospective students should know that this course is much more
intense than the previous two levels of the languages. They should have a strong background in the
language and be willing to study very hard in order to keep up with the rest of the class.
55
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
RUSSIAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.377.131.01
Elements of Russian I
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
Students praised this course for its fast pace. Multiple students felt the course gave them a good
foundation of the Russian language, and found the instructor to be clear and engaging. Some students
thought the class' textbook wasn't well laid out and was confusing, while others thought the early start
time for the class wasn't helpful. Some students recommended holding the class later in the day.
Prospective students should know that students found the class to be a good introduction to the
language, but noted the regular homework and memorization were important in the course.
AS.377.208.01
Intensive Intermediate Russian
Annalisa Czeczulin
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.377.211.01
Introduction to Russian Literature I
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.377.395.01
Seminar I: The Realists
Olya Samilenko
56
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: RUSSIAN
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
57
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.540.101.01
Chemical Engineering Today
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 3.49
Summary:
Students praised this course for having a light workload and for showing students what one could do
with a degree in Chemical Engineering. However, students found that the various guest speakers in the
course gave lecture of varying quality, with some moving too quickly and others speaking on subjects
that didn't necessarily concern students. Students suggested that the course focus more on topics that
would be both comprehensible and relevant to students. Some students also asked that the class be
changed to emphasize participation and hands-on activities. Prospective students should know that the
course wasn't challenging and was a good introduction to careers in the field of Chemical Engineering.
EN.540.202.01-02
Introduction to Chemical and Biological Process Analysis
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
Students praised the course as intellectually challenging with an approachable instructor. Students
disliked the course's homework, which they found took a long time to complete. Suggestions for
improvement included a desire for a structure for the course, including a chance to go over more
example problems with students. Prospective students should know that the course was difficult and
challenging, but it was a good introduction to the field.
EN.540.203.01
Engineering Thermodynamics
Michael Bevan
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
58
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
Summary:
Students praised this course for covering interesting material and featuring "fun class presentations."
Some students disliked the format of the course, though, saying the instructor over-relied on
PowerPoint slides to convey difficult concepts. Suggestions for improvement providing more example
problems from the instructors and demonstrations of how to use concepts introduced in lectures.
Prospective students should know that the course was tough and required independent studying and
problem-solving skills.
EN.540.204.01
Applied Physical Chemistry
David Gracias
Overall quality of the class: 3.54
Summary:
Students praised this course for covering interesting material and for having a great lecturer who took
questions from students. Many students disliked that their final grade was chiefly determined by the
course's final exam. Suggestions for improvement included a desire by more students that the instructor
present information in a more linear manner. Students also requested more practice problems so they
could better master the material. Prospective students should know that the course didn't have much
homework and that the course closely followed the textbook.
EN.540.303.010
Transport Phenomena I
Joelle Frechette
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
Students praised the instructor, who effectively laid out information during lectures. However, students
disliked the difficult math portion of the course. Suggestions for improvement included a desire among
students for additional problem sets to help them master the content. Prospective students should
know that it was beneficial to have a solid background in calculus and differential equations.
EN.540.304.01-02
Transport Phenomena II
Zachary Gagnon
Overall quality of the class: 3.07
Summary:
Students liked the interesting topic and having a passionate instructor. Students had various issues with
the course; in particular, students found that the instructor was disorganized and failed to provide
promised notes to students. Students also disliked that the course didn't touch upon all the topics it was
supposed to before the semester ended. Suggestions for improvement included having graded
homework returned in a more timely fashion. Prospective students should know that the course
covered interesting material and was challenging but disorganized.
59
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.305.01
Modeling and Statistical Analysis of Data for Chemical and Biomolecular Engineers
Rebecca Schulman
Overall quality of the class: 3.46
Summary:
Students praised this course for being an interesting combination of programming and statistics.
Students found the course's instructor tended to speak quickly which made lectures boring, but also
hard to follow. Students suggested that the instructor to slow down the pace of instruction and find
ways to make the class more interactive. Prospective students should know that the course was
interesting and gave students a good understanding of how to use MATLAB.
EN.540.309.01
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Design Part 1
Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.311.01
Chemical Engineering Lab I
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students praised this course for engaging students' critical thinking skills and for giving them the hands
on experience with the equipment and methods they would use in future careers. Students issues with
the course varied, but some students felt that the course repeated information taught in earlier courses.
Other students had issues getting equipment to work because the equipment was old or malfunctioned.
Suggestions for improvement included getting additional preparation before performing labs either by
having a session to review the concepts behind the lab, or by having some opportunity for students to
get further guidance from the instructor. Prospective students should know that the course required a
substantial effort and a large time commitment.
EN.540.313.01
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Lab
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.313.02
60
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Lab
Lise Dahuron, An Goffin, Marc Ostermeier
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
Students praised the labs that were examples of practical applications of Chemical and Biomolecular
Engineering principles, and felt that the labs helped them improve their writing skills. Some students
found the multiple instructors in the course led to inconsistent instruction. Students also found the
course was time consuming and had a high workload. Suggestions for improvement included providing
better guidance from instructors on how to complete assignments. Prospective students should know
that the course had a heavy workload and required group work. Students also found they couldn't
procrastinate in the course as lab reports required a significant amount of time to complete.
EN.540.313.03
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Lab
Lise Dahuron, Marc Ostermeier
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
Students praised the course's labs, which pulled together knowledge students had gained throughout
their time at the school. Students' issues with the course included finding that some of the equipment
didn't work correctly, while another student disliked not learning how to use all of the equipment.
Suggestions for improvement included providing access to and instruction for newer equipment.
Prospective students should know that the course was challenging and that it tested much of what they
had learned in earlier courses.
EN.540.313.04
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Lab
An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.400.01
Project in Design: Pharmacokinetics
Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.401.01
Project in Design: Alternative Energy
Marc Donohue
61
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.409.01-04
Modeling Dynamic/Control
An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The professor was one of the best aspects of this course. Students thought that she taught the materials
thoroughly, and that many of the materials discussed in class were put into real-world context, which
made the information easy to grasp. Students did believe that the lab was a bit incongruous as it did not
apply to what they learned in the lecture. They also thought that the lectures relied too heavily on the
textbook, so they recommended using a different, more up to date book instead. They also thought that
the lab should be updated and moved to earlier in the semester. Prospective students should read the
materials before class and attend every lecture to hear all the details that may end up on the exams. The
homework is relatively easy, if heavily focused on math.
EN.540.418.01
Projects in Design of a Chemical Car
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Students liked the hands-on aspect of this course, and enjoyed applying what they knew to design,
create and experiment on their own. They liked being able to set their own schedules and work outside
of the class with others on their team. The only real complaint that students had was that it was often
difficult to find a time that worked with everyone's schedule, which often led to miscommunication and
students scrambling to figure out ways to deal with the problems that arose. Suggestions for
improvement included setting a lab time that students would be required to attend and meet with
group members. Prospective students should be prepared to spend a significant amount of time on this
project, and they should have a flexible enough schedule to meet with their group members on a regular
basis. It is helpful if students have some background knowledge in chemistry, electrical engineering,
CAD, and research skills.
EN.540.426.01
Biomacromolocules at the Nanoscale
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 3.84
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included having a professor who was actively engaged with the materials
and genuinely interested in helping students. Students liked the freedom they had when writing the
62
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
paper, and they thought that they gained a lot of insight on some interesting materials. Students did not
like how frequently class was cancelled, and they thought that the lack of feedback did not give them a
firm idea of how well they were doing over the semester. Students suggested the instructor increase the
number of graded assignments so that students could receive more feedback, as well as additional
instructions on their papers. Prospective students should be aware that their entire grade is based on a
single paper, which is challenging and requires background knowledge of writing science papers. The
course covers a lot of interesting material, and is highly recommended.
EN.540.428.01
Supramolecular Materials and Nanomedicine
Honggang Cui
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.490.01
Chemical Laboratory Safety
Lise Dahuron, Daniel Kuespert
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the professor, who was passionate about the
subject and accommodating with students' schedules. Students believed that they learned a
tremendous amount about what could happen when safety procedures weren't followed, and they
thought that all of the information they learned was practical and applicable to future lab experiences.
Some students found that much of the material covered was either common sense or was easy enough
to learn outside of class. Students also thought that the group work was awkward due to large group
sizes, and that it felt more like busy work than anything to test their understanding of the content.
Students also wanted fewer documents and more media about safety, such as videos and online
activities. Prospective students should know that the course is fairly easy, although there is some work
that needs to be completed. The course will provide them with the background they need in lab safety
and prepare them for future lab work.
EN.540.602.01
Metabolic Systems Biotechnology
Michael Betenbaugh
Overall quality of the class: 3.35
Summary:
The interesting content and the passionate professor were some of the best aspects of this course.
Students liked how practical the information was, and liked being able to apply the methods covered in
class to metabolic systems. Students found that the lectures were sometimes quite long, and that the
materials were not explored as deeply as they would have liked. Students also disliked how much of the
information for homework had to be learned on their own with the textbook, and they wished that the
instructor worked through more example problems. Suggestions for improvement included having more
63
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
in-depth lectures that relate to real-world situations with practice problems as well as modeling and
calculation. Students also thought that the course would be better taught over two days instead of once
a week with weekly homework assignments. Prospective students should be familiar with MATLAB,
biochemistry, and some algebra. Students interested in the field of metabolic engineering will find this
to be an interesting class.
EN.540.615.01
Interfacial Science with Applications to Nanoscale Systems
Joelle Frechette
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The professor was the best aspect of this course, as students found her to be well organized and
accommodating with students who had trouble with the materials. Students found that the topics were
discussed well in both depth and breadth, and the all of the materials covered were given concrete
examples and applications to real-world scenarios. Students found that the homework and exams were
often difficult and that they did not precisely relate to the materials covered in the lecture. Students
suggested covering some of these problems in the lectures and shortening the length of the homework
assignments. Prospective students will find the course challenging and rigorous, but the materials are
rewarding, and the professor is always willing to help when questions are asked. Students should have
some background knowledge of calculus, chemistry, and physics.
EN.540.619.01
Project in Design: Alternative Energy
Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.626.01
Biomacromolecules at the Nanoscale
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
Students thought that writing the science paper was the best aspect of this course. They found the
professor was engaging, and that his lectures had a lot of useful information. They did not like how
rarely the professor showed up and believed that the course overall lacked structure and direction. They
suggested improving the course with a clear syllabus and improved communication from the professor.
Prospective students should be prepared to complete the readings and go to lectures, which are
interesting, if sporadic.
EN.540.628.01
Supramolecular Materials and Nanomedicine
Honggamg Cui
64
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
Students loved the up-to-date and engaging the materials that were discussed in class. Students also
liked how willing the professor was to meet and talk with them outside of class about the materials
because of his passion for the subject and his desire to see students succeed. Students did not like the
exams which they thought required memorization of small details. They also did not like the fact that
their final papers were peer reviewed, which they found led to more subjective grading. Suggestions for
improvement included holding group discussions about the readings and changing the grading methods
for the final papers. Students also wanted the polymer lectures either removed or altered so that they
were grounded at a lower level of thinking. Prospective students should have some knowledge of
biochemistry and polymer science, and be comfortable working and thinking at a high level. Students
will learn a tremendous amount about current technologies, if they stay on top of the readings and
attend the lectures.
EN.540.630.01
Thermodynamics, Statistical Mechanics, and Kinetics
Chao Wang
Overall quality of the class: 2.85
Summary:
Students found that the professor's flexibility and willingness to work with students to ensure that they
understood the materials was one of the best aspects of this course. Students found the materials
challenging but interesting and liked the overall structure of the course. Students found that the
professor often did not know the materials, or introduced errors in the problems presented on the
board. Students also disliked that class started early and went over, and that the professor insisted on
teaching during finals week. Students suggested having the professor rework the course to adhere to a
strict schedule and syllabus with content that could be covered within the time allotted for class.
Students also wanted less homework and different textbooks to use. Prospective students should be
prepared for time-intensive homework with strict grading. The course has difficult materials and
students would benefit from previous knowledge of calculus and thermodynamics.
EN.540.652.01
Advanced Transport Phenomena
Zachary Gagnon
Overall quality of the class: 4.03
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor and the engaging materials covered over the
semester. Students believed that the professor was concise and thorough in his lectures, and that he
was able to keep students engaged through the challenging but interesting materials. Students found
the grading to be inconsistent and confusing and disliked the lack of feedback. Students found that they
were unprepared for the exams, and that the lectures could be disorganized. Suggestions for
improvement included providing more timely feedback and better lecture notes to help students
prepare for exams. Students also wanted the lecture notes to be posted promptly after the lecture was
65
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
over as well as additional office hours to meet with the professor. Prospective students should be
prepared for a heavy workload and take time to complete all of the practice problems. They should have
some background knowledge in MATLAB, ODEs, PDEs, transport, and math.
66
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
CHEMISTRY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.030.101.01
Introduction Chemistry I
David Goldberg
Overall quality of the class: 3.30
Summary:
Students found the best aspects of this class included the online homework assignments and problem
sets, which students said helped them understand the concepts. However, some students found the
lectures to be boring and wished the lecture slides were posted online. Students also disliked the class'
large lecture size and the fact the class lacked interactive activities. Suggestions for improvement
included having the instructor post his lecture slides and notes online so students could study off them
or view them if they missed class. Prospective students should know the course was a good introduction
to Chemistry but that it was math intensive and required students to be independent learners as well.
AS.030.101.02
Introductory Chemistry I
D Fairbrother
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor who was described as engaging and the online
resources and homework that was available, students said. Some students felt the large lecture style of
the class wasn't helpful for learning and complained that the professor could go over material too
quickly. Suggestions for improvement included having more hands-on activities for students or problem
solving in class. Some students also requested a reduction in class size to allow more one-on-one
learning opportunities. Prospective students should know that a background in Chemistry was helpful
for succeeding in the class, however with attention and time students were able to be successful.
AS.030.103.01-03
Applied Chemical Equilibrium and Reactivity with a lab
Jane Greco
67
CHEMISTRY
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor, whom multiple students described as friendly
and passionate about the topic. Some students had issues with the organization of the class with some
feeling that important topics were rushed through or not thoroughly discussed in the lecture, while
others felt lectures would jump around without a clear structure. Suggestions for improvement included
changing the pace of the class as well as providing student with additional resources such as lecture
recordings and additional practice problems. Prospective students should know the class was fast paced
and a background in Chemistry prior to taking the course was helpful.
AS.030.105.01-06
Introductory Chemistry Lab I
Louise Pasternack
Overall quality of the class: 3.36
Summary:
According to most students, the best aspect of this course was the hands on experience they got
performing experiments in a laboratory environment. Many students felt the class had a significant
workload and in particular that the amount of work was greater than the amount of credits they
received for the course. Suggestions for improvement included either increasing the number of credits
the class is worth or decreasing the workload. Students also requested clearer directions on their work.
Prospective students should know students felt the class required a significant amount of time and that
they need to be "extremely" accurate in their answers.
AS.030.112.01
Chemistry with Problem Solving I
Gerald Meyer
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was the ability to work on chemistry problems and concepts with a
professor. Students described it as a good stress-free opportunity to improve their skills in a small-class
setting. Complaints about the class were few, with some students saying that the class sometimes felt
slow, could be too short, or felt too laid back. Suggestions for improvements included having the course
be in better sync with other Chemistry courses or if the class size were even smaller to allow for more
one-on-one attention. Prospective students should know that this class was a great resource to students
who were new to or struggling with concepts covered in Chemistry courses.
AS.030.205.01
Organic Chemistry I
Christopher Falzone
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
68
CHEMISTRY
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the challenging but very interesting
information discussed during lectures. Students found the professor to be very good at explaining
difficult concepts, and appreciated that he posted so many materials online for them to use as study
guides and to gain additional insight into the materials. Students liked the weekly pop quizzes that
helped them stay fresh on the materials and felt that his exams were very fair and straightforward.
Students did not like that they had to read the book before class in order to understand the lecture, and
many were stressed by the amount of time they had to put in outside of class. Suggestions for
improvement included adding another day of lectures or section so that concepts can be taught at a
slower, more detailed pace. Prospective students should be highly dedicated and self-disciplined enough
to read extensively and learn the materials on their own. It is a challenging but manageable course if
students are willing to spend the time studying and asking the professor for help. It is highly
recommended that students have a solid background in chemistry before taking this course.
AS.030.205.02
Organic Chemistry I
Craig Townsend
Overall quality of the class: 2.98
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspect of this course was the very interesting, if very challenging subject
matter. Students liked the weekly quizzes that helped them stay on top of the materials, and felt that
the sections were helpful in reviewing and further explaining the materials. Many students did not like
that they were expected to have read the book before class, however, and that having a substitute
teach was confusing because materials were repeated or skipped entirely. Suggestions for improvement
included ensuring that the professor would be there for the duration of the entire semester, and
creating a course syllabus that clearly outlined what was going to be taught on what day. Students also
wanted more readily available study materials, such as homework assignments, past exams, or
additional exercises to help them prepare for the exams. Prospective students should be prepared to
study very hard for many hours every single day, and be aware that they will mostly be learning the
materials on their own. Students must have a basic chemistry background and be organized and self-
motivated enough to keep up with the reading to stay on top of the materials.
AS.030.225.01-06
Introduction to Organic Chemistry Lab
Larissa D'Souza
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of this course included the professor's clear passion and love of the
subject matter and the labs that were both interesting and fun. Students felt that they learned a lot by
being able to recreate the reactions discussed during the lectures. However, students found the grading
system to be unclear, as they were tested and graded in a way that contradicted what was laid out on
the syllabus. Students also felt that the exams were overly difficult because they required memorization
of unimportant details. Suggestions for improvement included providing more feedback on tests, labs,
and in emails in order to help students know where they went wrong. They also felt that clearer
69
CHEMISTRY
instructions as to what was expected would clear up confusion about the grading system. Prospective
students should be prepared for engaging but challenging labs that correspond to the concepts taught in
the lecture course. Tests can be difficult and grading somewhat unclear, but students should do well if
they study hard, ask questions when needed and have a basic understanding of Organic Chemistry.
AS.030.225.06
Introduction to Organic Chemistry Lab
Jane Greco
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspect of this course was the small class size, which allowed students to get
personalized assistance from the professors. They loved the collaborative nature of the labs, and felt
that everyone worked well together. There were few complaints about the course, only that they often
went over the allotted lab time, but there still wasn't enough time to design another, more elaborate
projects. Suggestions for improvement included shortening the labs or extending the lab period so that
experiments could be completed on time. Students also wanted more opportunities for independent
investigation projects. Prospective students should be passionate about Chemistry and interested in
designing and carrying out their own experiments. Students should always go to lab prepared and
willing to stay until the experiment is complete.
AS.030.301.01
Physical Chemistry I
David Draper
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Students praised the course's instructor for working to make the course's material easier to understand.
Students also praised the instructor for insuring the class lectures were in sync with assigned readings.
Some students found the course's subject matter to be challenging. Suggestions for improvement
included adding additional practice problems so students could test what they've learned. Prospective
students should know that students found the course to be challenging and math intensive, and found
that studying and keeping up with assigned reading was important for success.
AS.030.305.01
Physical Chemistry Instrumentation Laboratory I
Arthur Bragg
Overall quality of the class: 3.11
Summary:
Some students praised this course for providing an insight into both how to work in a lab and how to
write scientific reports. Students broadly expressed frustration with the high workload of the class.
Students also found that the lectures didn't sync up with the experiments they carried out so that they
often had to teach themselves the science behind an experiment before carrying out the lab.
Suggestions for improvement included a desire for the course to be less ambitious and more focused,
70
CHEMISTRY
suggesting that the course should be broken up into more focused pieces. Prospective students should
know that students broadly called the course one of the most time consuming courses they had taken at
Johns Hopkins. Students found they had to work independently and well in advance of deadlines in
order to be successful.
AS.030.356.01
Advanced Inorganic Lab
Justine Roth
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
Summary:
Students praised this course for involving interesting hands-on laboratory experiments. Some students
found the lectures were a disorganized and didn't sync up with what they were doing in the lab.
Suggestions for improvement included a desire by some students to have clearer expectations for their
lab reports as well as a desire to have feedback on assignments being assigned new ones. Prospective
students should know that completing good quality lab reports took time and students needed to
budget sufficient time in order to be successful in the course.
AS.030.449.01
Chemistry of Inorganic Compounds
Gerald Meyer
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
Students praised this course for covering interesting topics and building upon the knowledge they had
gained in earlier chemistry courses. Perceived issues with the course included some students feeling the
lectures weren't as productive as they could have been. Suggestions for improvement involved having
the instructor use the blackboard and complete the demonstrations in class rather than presenting the
information via PowerPoint. Prospective students should have a solid background in chemistry.
AS.030.452.01
Materials & Surface
D Fairbrother
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
Students praised the instructor for offering an informative class and always being prepared. Some
students thought the class lacked timely feedback for assignments. Other students thought the fact that
the instructor presented valuable information via an overhead projector and didn't make copies of the
information available to students made it difficult for students to take notes. Suggestions for
improvement included providing copies of each class' presentation to students. Other students thought
additional guidance for how to successfully complete the course's homework would be helpful.
Prospective students should know that students described this course as a difficult course that covers
some "high level" material but "very little previous knowledge is presumed."
71
CHEMISTRY
AS.030.625.01
Advanced Mechanistic Organic Chemistry I
Marc Greenberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
Students broadly praised the course's instructor who was described as being engaging, knowledgeable,
and having a good sense of humor. Some students felt the homework either didn't sync up with lectures
or simply wasn't worth enough points. Suggestions for improvement included offering a review session
before exams. Prospective students should know that students found that having a strong background in
higher-level chemistry courses was helpful in completing this course.
72
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
CIVIL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.560.101.01
Freshman Experiences in Civil Engineering
Rachel Sangree
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students praised this course as being a good introduction to engineering topics, and liked that it
featured a variety of interactive activities. However, some students thought they hadn't learned any key
aspects of Civil Engineering. Suggestions for improvement included creating more hands-on activities.
Prospective students should know that the course had a small workload and was a great introduction to
Civil Engineering.
EN.560.201.01-06
Statics and Mechanics of Materials
Takeru Igusa
Overall quality of the class: 3.22
Summary:
Students praised this course which emphasized self-learning, had a low workload, and interactive
projects. Still, some students found that the course wasn't challenging enough. Others disliked that the
extensive amount of material that was provided online made it unnecessary to attend lectures.
Suggestions for improvement included making the lectures more interactive and geared towards
students' success. Prospective students should know that the course's exams closely mirrored its
homework and the class' lectures were relatively unimportant for academic success.
EN.560.220.01
Civil Engineering Analysis
Judith Mitrani-Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
73
CIVIL ENGINEERING
Summary:
Students praised this course for providing students' knowledge of useful tools such as MATLAB, howeve,
many students had issues with a lack of timely feedback on homework assignments. Students also found
the homework could be difficult or tedious. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for less
homework as well as faster grading of assignments. Prospective students should know that students
found that knowledge of math and programs such as MATLAB were helpful for success in the course.
EN.560.305.01
Soil Mechanics
Lucas De Melo
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
Students praised this hands-on course and its engaging and approachable instructor. However, some
students disliked the lack of organization in the course. Suggestions for improvement included a desire
for weekly homework assignments in order to help students master the coursework. Prospective
students should know that this course was interesting with an engaging instructor. Students also found
the course gave a good background on soil mechanics and other important topics in engineering.
EN.560.320.01
Structural Design I
Rachel Sangree
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
Students' praised the effective instructor who could eloquently explain concepts to students. Despite
this, some students found the course had a heavy and tedious workload, especially homework. Students
suggested adding more structure, since some students found it hard to follow the differences in steel
design and concrete design. Prospective students should know that the course would help improve
students' design skills but students had to be neat and organized in order to be successful.
EN.560.440.01
Applied Finite Element Methods
Narutoshi Nakata
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
Students liked the interesting material and the instructor who was both well organized and helpful.
However, some students wished the course was more challenging, and felt that the lectures could be
boring. Suggestions for improvement included focusing more on instructing students on how to use
software used in the industry. Prospective students should know that the course is a good introduction
to finite elements methods, and while classes could be boring, students found the instructor was good
at explaining the topic and answering questions.
EN.560.445.01
74
CIVIL ENGINEERING
Advanced Structural Analysis
James Guest
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included giving students useful programming experience as well as
increasing their familiarity with MATLAB. Some students found the assignments time consuming.
Suggestions for improvement included a desire that the course be slowed down or students be provided
additional lectures or other opportunities to work on mastering the material. Prospective students
should know that students found the course was difficult and found that some knowledge of software
such as MATLAB was helpful.
EN.560.451.01
Civil Engineering Design I
John Matteo
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Students thought the class field trip to Wisconsin to examine a building the group was redesigning was a
highlight of the course because it allowed students to connect classroom learning with the real world.
However, some students felt that the instructor didn't have a firm grasp on control in the classroom,
which could lead to students getting out of hand. In addition, some students disliked that the course and
assignments seemed to lack firm goals and deadlines. Suggestions for improvement included
implementing more structure into the class so that it could cover more information or bring in additional
speakers. Prospective students should know that students found the course's workload was light and
the atmosphere was laid back. Drawing skills were found to be helpful but not necessary.
EN.560.604.01
Solid Mechanics for Structures
Lori Graham-Brady, James Guest
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students praised the instructor for a "crystal clear introduction of the contents of the course." However,
some students found there was a disconnect between what was taught in lectures and what was tested
in the course's homework assignments. Some students also found the instructor hard to reach outside
of lectures. Suggestions for improvement included a desire that the instructor include multiple real-
world examples to help illustrate topics. Some students also thought that since the course was a
graduate-level course, subjects could have been covered faster to allow students to explore more
material.
EN.560.630.01
Structural Dynamics
Michael Shields
75
CIVIL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
Students praised this course for covering a "wide range of topics at very good depth" and appreciated
how the instructor crafted a class that was well organized and in sync with the course's textbook.
However, some students found the course covered too much and too quickly during lectures making it
hard to follow along. Suggestions for improvement included a desire that the instructor spend more
time during lectures going over sample problems with students to make sure they understood the
concepts. Prospective students should know that students found the course challenging and time
consuming, but that by the end of the semester they had learned a lot.
EN.560.640.01
Advanced Systems Engineering: Concept, Design, Development and Integration
Thomas Speller
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.560.660.01
Modeling Complex Systems Colloquium
Lori Graham-Brady
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.560.682.01
Introduction to Water Wave Mechanics
Robert Dalrymple
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.560.772.01
Non-Linear Finite Elements
Somnath Ghosh
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
76
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
CLASSICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.040.105.01
Elementary Ancient Greek
Timothy Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting subject, learning an ancient language, and the
instructor who kept the class engaging. Many students said the class workload was vigorous and came
with a "massive" amount of homework. Some students felt the course could have been improved by
lessening either the amount or pace of the work, or perhaps even by extending class periods.
Prospective students should realize that the class was demanding and required students to budget time
for regular study and memorization.
AS.040.107.02
Elementary Latin
Jessica Lamont
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the small class size and the instructor who was helpful to students
even if they were struggling. Some students felt the amount of work was high and that the language
itself was tough to grasp. Suggestions for improvement included spending more time working on
translations and possibly spending more time or going slower on learning the language. Prospective
students should realize that learning Latin was difficult and required homework and studying outside of
class in order to be successful.
AS.040.107.03
Elementary Latin
Maren Mueller
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
77
CLASSICS
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the instructor who was described as a patient teacher who structured
the course to correspond to how well students were picking up the material. Students thought the
course was heavy on homework and bookwork to the point where some felt it was time consuming.
Suggestions to improve the class included having the workload varied or slowed down, while other
students asked for the ability to place out of the class if they could prove some proficiency with the
language. Prospective students should know that the course was fast paced and required a good
amount of work outside of the classroom in order to become proficient.
AS.040.133.01
Heroes: The Ancient Greek Way
Silvia Montiglio
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of the class were the passionate instructor as well as the subject matter itself which
varied from epic poems to Sophoclean tragedies. Issues with the class varied with multiple students
complaining that the large class size didn't lend itself to in-class discussions of the work, while others felt
the subject matter was boring or covered so broadly that the class didn't dig deep enough into the
subject. Suggestions for improvement included adding more quizzes and other tests to the curriculum to
make students' grades less dependent on the final and midterm. Others suggested including fewer
works in the class to allow for more time to be spent on each one while others advocated a smaller class
size. Prospective students should know that no knowledge of classical Greek mythology or language was
required though it was helpful and the class did require a bit of reading.
AS.040.201.01
Digging Up the Gods: The Archaeology of Roman Sanctuaries
Genevieve Gessert
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the compelling subject matter as well as the handling of
artifacts, students said. Difficulties in the class existed with some students finding the workload
burdensome while others complained of repetition in assignments. Multiple students requested a
reduction in the number and length of work and reading assignments. Students felt that slashing such
work could lead to improved group discussions because more people would be able to finish the
assigned reading. Prospective students should realize the course had a good amount of assigned reading
however class attendance was equally important as the instructor explained the information more
thoroughly than the reading assignments.
AS.040.207.01
Intermediate Latin
Daniel Dooley
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
78
CLASSICS
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the translations in class as well as the opportunity for students
to work cooperatively in class on reading assignments and group discussions. Some students thought
the large amount of material covered made it difficult to know what to prioritize for exams and
memorization. Students thoughts on how to improve the class included offering students either a more
structured review of Latin or additional opportunities for students to get together and study.
Prospective students should realize that this was a challenging course and a solid background in Latin
grammar was needed to be successful.
AS.040.308.01
Advanced Latin Poetry
Herica Valladares
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.040.367.01
Memory and Oblivion: Rewriting the Past in Ancient Rome
Laura Garofalo
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students praised this course for its mixture of in-class discussions with field trips that helped to expand
the group's knowledge of ancient Rome. Many students complained that the course had too many
writing assignments and that some of the items duplicated one another. Suggestions for improvement
included adding greater variety to the course experience such as by cutting down the reading
requirement and adding in more field trips or adding PowerPoint presentations when discussing
artwork. Prospective students should know that knowledge of Roman History wasn't required to do well
though such background information helped.
79
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
COGNITIVE SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.050.101.01
Cognition
Colin Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
Many students felt that the best aspect of this class was the interesting subject matter covered in the
lectures. Students noted that they went into depth about several different topics, which they felt really
helped them understand the materials. However, some students felt that the lectures could get boring,
and suggested including visuals like pictures and short film clips to break up the lecture. Other students
liked the fact that the professor was open to discussion, but felt that it would have been more effective
to split the class into smaller sizes. Prospective students do not need to have any previous knowledge,
but should be able to focus in a large lecture setting and be willing to participate in discussions about
the materials. The concepts are challenging and still relatively new, so students should be open to
theoretical examples and data.
AS.050.206.01
Bilingualism
Julia Yarmolinskaya
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
Students found the topic to be the best aspect of this course, and felt that the professor was very
knowledgeable about her subject. However, many students felt that the lecture was a bit too long, and
suggested having two classes instead of the one to break up the materials. They also wanted more time
for discussions and to go more in depth over the readings. Prospective students are advised to have
some working knowledge of cognitive science and to be prepared for each class by completing the
reading assignments each week.
AS.050.319.01
Visual Cognition
80
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
Soojin Park
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
Students found the subject matter and the professor to be the best aspects of this course. They
appreciated the professor's extensive expertise in the field, as well as her willingness to help students
succeed by answering questions and clarifying confusing topics. Students especially loved the small class
size, which made it more comfortable to ask questions and discuss the materials. However, students
often found the information on the slides challenging and difficult to interpret, and felt that some of the
quizzes and exams were very difficult. Suggestions for improvement included narrowing down the topics
discussed in the class to allow deeper analysis. Other students wanted more detailed PowerPoint slides
and more guidance for the final paper. They advised prospective students to have some familiarity with
cognitive science, and that the reading assignments needed to be completed for each class.
AS.050.333.01
Psycholinguistics
Akira Omaki
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Students felt that the professor's effective teaching strategies and the informative labs were some of
the best aspects of this course. Students found it very easy to learn the difficult concepts, and
appreciated the open discussions that allowed them to ask questions about the materials. However,
students did not like the quizzes every week as they felt they were an unnecessary added stress to the
workload. Students suggested making the quizzes worth less of the final grade, and having them include
information taught in class as well as the homework assignments. Prospective students would benefit
greatly from a background in linguistics or cognitive science. Students should also be prepared to read
extensively and participate in class discussions.
81
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
COMPUTER SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.600.315.01
Databases
David Yarowsky
Overall quality of the class: 3.04
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspects of this course included learning languages like QBE and SQL.
They believed that the things they learned would be useful in real world situations and that they
understood how to manipulate databases. Students disliked how long it took to get feedback on their
work and believed that the workload was excessive. They also found that the lectures lacked depth and
were tedious. Students suggested assigning smaller, more frequent homework assignments that could
quickly be returned with feedback. Students also wanted more engagement in the lectures, such as class
discussions or multimedia. Prospective students should be prepared for a challenging and work-
intensive course. They should know programming and be prepared to learn additional languages.
EN.600.321.01
Object Oriented Software Engineering
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that students were able to choose and create their own projects for
the class. Students liked the hands-on aspect of the course, and thought that they got the support they
needed to complete their projects. Students found that many of the other assignments they had in class
were peripheral and did not directly relate to their final project. They believed that the workload was
significant and cut into the time they had to work on their projects. Students suggested reworking some
of the lectures to provide more practical examples of techniques and focusing less on Java and UML to
spend more time on generalized situations. Prospective students should be aware that the workload is
intense and should get started on the project as soon as possible so that they have the entire semester
to build and test their projects. Because the project is group based, students will need to find members
they can rely on to pull their weight.
82
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.357.01
Computer Graphics
Michael Kazhdan
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
Students thought that the materials were some of the best aspects of this course. Students liked the
way that the lectures were clearly presented, and thought that they learned a lot about graphics.
Students did not get any feedback, and some students never got all of their grades back, so they did not
know how they were doing. Students also found that the workload was heavy, given how many hours
they had to spend on their assignments. Suggestions for improvement included changing to shorter,
more frequent homework assignments, and providing feedback on a timely basis. Prospective students
should be comfortable with C++ and linear algebra. This is a time-intensive course and work must be
completed on a regular basis in order to keep up and complete assignments.
EN.600.361.01
Computer Vision
Rene Vidal
Overall quality of the class: 3.06
Summary:
Students found the different topics were the best aspects of this course. Students thought that they
learned a lot about image processing. They found the course to be exceedingly difficult, the homework
assignments lengthy and that they did not receive any real assistance from the professor or the TA.
Students suggested shifting the focus of the course to be less about math, or at least explaining the
math in brief, and focusing it more on programming and practical assignments. Students also thought
that the course should be divided into grad and undergrad courses with different levels of work, since
the grad students fared much better than the undergrads. Prospective students must be prepared for a
graduate-level course with graduate-level workloads and assignments. They also must have a solid
background in statistic, probability, linear algebra and algorithms.
EN.600.363.01
Introduction to Algorithms
S Kosaraju
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
Students thought that the good aspects of this course included the nice professor and the interesting
subject matter. Students believed that they learned a lot of relevant materials that will come in handy
later on. Many students found that the professor went too quickly, or spoke at too high a level for them
to understand, which led to confusion and missed information. Students also didn't like how long it took
to get assignments back, and suggested a faster turnaround, complete with feedback. Students also
wanted more practice materials for the exams so they could get a better understanding of what was
83
COMPUTER SCIENCE
going to be on the test. Prospective students will find this course much easier if they take data
structures beforehand, and they should be prepared for a work-intensive semester.
EN.600.415.01
Databases
David Yarowsky
Overall quality of the class: 3.63
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was learning SQL in a hands-on environment. Students thought the course
was unorganized, and that there was little effort on the part of the professor to engage the students or
make the materials interesting or helpful. Students suggested updating the course with current
examples and new slides as well as providing additional exercises to practice for the exam. Prospective
students should be prepared to learn SQL and study in their own time to learn the materials.
EN.600.421.01
Object Oriented Software Engineering
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspect of this course was the hands-on final project because they got to
choose the topic, and that they learned how to build software. They found working in groups a fun and
creative experience and liked the overall structure of the course. Students believed that the additional
assignments were busywork, and that they simply added to the already heavy workload. Students also
did not like the UML assignments and recommended switching the assignments to aspects that would
better lead up to and support the final project. Any prospective students should be prepared for a heavy
workload, but are encouraged to take the course. They will learn a lot and the final project applies much
of what they learn to an actual product. Students should have decent coding skills and be cooperative
when working with their group members.
EN.600.423.01
Data-Intensive Computing
Randal Burns
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
Students loved the collaborative environment and the chance to work on a project that interested them.
They found the lectures to be interesting and engaging, and the activities helped them work towards
their final project. Students did feel that scheduling and the organization were challenging, and they
found that they did not receive enough helpful feedback to fix their projects. Suggestions for
improvement included providing clear-cut instructions and guidelines for the assignments as well as
additional class structure to keep the groups focused and on task. This course is highly recommended to
students interested in improving their coding skills and working on a project of their own devising.
84
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Students need to be self-motivated and prepared to complete all assignments on time in order to learn
the principles of design.
EN.600.439.01
Computational Genomics
Benjamin Langmead
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The good aspects of this course included the interesting materials covered in class as well as the
professor's thorough and well-organized method for teaching. Students thought that they learned about
cutting-edge technologies and that the course covered an immense amount of information. The only
real complaint that students had was that parts of the final project seemed a bit rushed and that some
of the topics were not discussed in depth. Suggestions for improvement included adding in more
practice coding and algorithm work and introducing the final project at an earlier date so that students
can spend more time working on it. Students highly recommended this course to anyone interested in
the field. Prospective students should have some Python knowledge and be prepared for an intensive
but interesting course.
EN.600.442.01
Modern Cryptography
Christopher Pappacena
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
Students said that the professor was one of the good aspects of this course. They found his lectures
engaging and stimulating, and appreciated how he was always available to help outside of the
classroom. Students did find the workload demanding and found that the course covered a lot of
material in a short amount of time. The course was geared towards math students, so many of the
computer science and information security students struggled to keep up. Suggestions for improvement
included slowing down, especially towards the end of the semester, so that students have a chance to
learn and ask questions about the materials before it appeared on the finals. Students also thought that
meeting more times a week might help cover more material in depth and help with the pacing.
Prospective students should be aware that this is a heavily math-focused course and deals with theory
and proofs more than programming. It is a rigorous course recommended to anyone who has an interest
in cryptography.
EN.600.443.01
Security & Privacy in Computing
Aviel Rubin
Overall quality of the class: 3.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included learning about security from an expert in the field in an
engaging and practical way. Students liked how much they learned and thought it was challenging but
85
COMPUTER SCIENCE
not too difficult. However, most students did not like the group project, which they thought was
unorganized and unhelpful. Students disliked Riskive immensely, saying that the APIs rarely worked as
they were supposed to, and that the project ended up being more of a quality control run for Riskive
than a learning opportunity for students. Students suggested changing the group project to something
similar to the way it was before Riskive by having the professor design a project and not outsource it to
a commercial company. Prospective students should have a basic understanding of security, network
security, and programming.
EN.600.445.01
Computer Integrated Surgery
Russell Taylor
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Students loved learning about the cutting-edge research and advances in the field from a highly-
respected expert. They liked how the projects had real-world applications, and believed that the blend
of lectures, guest lectures, and hands-on activities gave them a solid understanding of the materials.
Students thought that the lectures did not cover the information they needed to complete the
homework, and that they only learned things in the course section with the TA. They also thought that
the wording on the homework was ambiguous and found that the workload quickly piled up.
Suggestions for improvement included providing more background materials for the math and models
that were shown briefly in class, since students did not have this assumed background knowledge.
Students also wanted the course split into undergrad and grad courses so that work levels could be
adjusted accordingly. Prospective students should have a background in linear algebra, programming
and Matlab in order to keep up with the materials. The course is work-intensive but recommended to
anyone who is interested in CIS.
EN.600.450.01
Network Enabled Systems & Sensor Networks
Marcus Chang
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.457.01
Computer Graphics
Michael Kazhdan
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
Students believed that the professor's teaching methods were effective and engaging throughout the
semester. The assignments were challenging but enjoyable, and students believed that they learned a
lot about computer graphics. There were few complaints, mostly that students wished they had more
time to work on assignments, they would have liked some feedback, and that the assignments could
have used a bit more clarification in their directions. Students suggested creating clear outlines for each
86
COMPUTER SCIENCE
assignment and asked for feedback in a timely manner. Prospective students should know that although
the course is work- and coding-intensive, it is enjoyable. They will need to spend more than 40 hours on
the homework assignments, so they should be disciplined enough to create and follow a strict schedule.
EN.600.460.01
Software Vulnerability Analysis
Stephen Checkoway
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Students loved the real-world application of the materials covered in class, and believed that the hands-
on activities helped them learn about exploiting and hacking systems. Students thought that the
workload was a bit heavy, however, and wished there had been PowerPoint slides they could refer to
when studying. Suggestions for improvement included posting lecture notes to Blackboard, and
providing a clear syllabus at the beginning of the year. Prospective students should know assembly,
GDB, Linux, PHP, and HTML. The course is challenging but enjoyable, and students should always
participate in lectures.
EN.600.461.01
Computer Vision
Rene Vidal
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course included the professor's treatment of the material
and the interesting information presented. Students found that the homework assignments to be time
consuming but thorough in reinforcing the information taught in class. They did have some complaints
about how the homework was graded, and found that code that worked on their computers did not
work for the professor or TA. They suggested finding ways to shorten the homework or give students
more time to complete the assignment, and to have TAs take longer to grade the work and get it
working. Prospective students should know that although the course is time consuming, they will learn a
tremendous amount. They need to have a background in programming, linear algebra, and optimization
to get the most out of this class.
EN.600.463.01
Algorithms I
S Kosaraju
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
Students thought that the professor's method of teaching was the best aspect of this course, and
appreciated that he tried to help one learn the materials. They liked how he focused on teaching them
the main points of a topic and then allowed them to go into greater detail on their own time. Students
did feel that some of the course felt rushed and suggested slowing down to provide a little more detail
for each topic. Students also wanted more programming and algorithms practice. Prospective students
87
COMPUTER SCIENCE
should be comfortable with proofs, data structures, and some programming. They should be proactive
in asking for help as needed and pay attention during the lectures.
EN.600.465.01
Natural Language Processing
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of the class: 4.61
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the professor's teaching style and his
clear enthusiasm for the subject. Students found that the materials were interesting, and that the
assignments helped students get hands-on experience. The workload was rather heavy and difficult and
students often found that the assignments often took much longer than they needed to be. Suggestions
for improvement included creating shorter, more concise homework assignments and lightening the
workload over the course of the semester. Prospective students should be aware of the heavy workload,
but know that they will learn a lot over the semester. They should have a strong programming
background, and be prepared to allot a fair amount of time to complete the various assignments.
EN.600.469.01
Approximation Algorithms
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.476.01
Machine Learning in Complex Domains
Suchi Saria
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.615.01
Big Data, Small Languages, Scalable Systems
Yanif Ahmad
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
Students thought that the good aspects of this course included the hands-on, practical application of the
materials. They liked choosing their own projects and liked the breadth of topics covered over the
course. They thought that the course was somewhat unorganized and that the course did not always
stick to the syllabus. Suggestions for improvement included providing more lectures and additional
assignments to support the final project. Prospective students should have an idea for their final project
before taking the course and know the basics to researching and sharing academic papers.
88
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.625.01
Events Semantics in Theory and Practice
Kyle Rawlins, Benjamin Van Durme
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.639.01
Computational Genomics
Benjamin Langmead
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
Students found the professor's clear lectures and the assignments to be some of the good aspects of
this course. They thought that the lecture slides were detail-oriented and that the assignments were
practical in testing the materials. Students found that the professor would often review the same
materials, which slowed down the class. Students also believed that there wasn't enough time to cover
all of the materials on the exams. They suggested adding review sheets to help them study and to limit
how much the professor reviewed each class. Any prospective students will find that knowing Python
helps and are encouraged to take this course at the graduate level.
EN.600.658.01
Survey Methods in Computer Graphics
Michael Kazhdan
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.669.01
Approximation Algorithms
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students believed that the good aspects of this course included the interesting variety of topics as well
as the final project. They found the materials interesting and the professor invested in them learning the
necessary information. Students found that many of the difficult topics were glossed over, while the
simpler concepts were reviewed in more depth. Students also believed that the workload was heavy
towards the end of the semester, and suggested creating multiple short homework assignments to
complete over the life of the semester. Students also wanted feedback on their assignments as well as
checkpoints over the course of the semester to keep them on track. Prospective students should have a
solid foundation in mathematics including experience in algorithms and optimization. They should start
the final project as soon as possible to give them the time they need to complete it.
89
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.676.01
Machine Learning in Complex Domains
Suchi Saria
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
Students thought that the materials covered in class were some of the better aspects of the course.
Students liked learning about theory and implementation and believed the course was well balanced
between the two. Students thought the workload was excessive and time consuming and that the
course was unorganized. Students suggested improving the lecture quality by having the professor slow
down, explain what he was writing and speak clearly about the materials. Students believed that the
homework load should be spread out over the semester and considerably lightened. Prospective
students should be prepared to commit a fair chunk of time to this class each week and remember to
read all of the materials before the lecture. A strong understanding of math and programming is
required.
EN.600.726.01
Selected Topics in Programming Languages
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.728.01
Selected Topics in Category Theory
Nathaniel Filardo
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.765.01
Selected Topics in Natural Language Processing
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.771.01
Probability on Strings, Trees, and Sequences
Adam Lopez
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
90
COMPUTER SCIENCE
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
91
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.270.102.01-02
Conversations with the Earth
Bruce Marsh
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included having a very engaging, highly informative professor with guest
lectures who are passionate about their subject. Students found the course load to be light and easy,
and lectures on a whole were interesting. Some suggestions for improvement was that the course could
benefit from additional assignments or quizzes to ensure that the core concepts were learned, or some
way to make group members more accountable for their work. A better turnaround time with more
intense feedback on the homework assignments would also be beneficial. Students also wish for
additional chances to discuss some of the topics introduced. Prospective students do not need a science
background to understand and enjoy this course, and will find that taking notes, doing the reading, and
showing up to class will help them get the most out of this course.
AS.270.103.01
Introduction to Global Environmental Change
Benjamin Passey, Darren Waugh
Overall quality of the class: 3.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the two professors who were clearly knowledgeable in their field.
Students liked the differing views on topics, and appreciated the light course load. Some suggestions for
improvement were to make the class more interactive, using discussions to engage students and go over
core concepts. Rubrics would also be useful. Prospective students who are interested in getting an
introduction to geology are encouraged to take this class. They are advised to attend class regularly and
review PowerPoint presentations to ensure they have all the information they need for exams.
AS.270.205.01
Introduction to Geographic Information Systems and Geospatial Analysis
92
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
Xin Chen
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interactive, hands-on experience that students received
with the GIS equipment. Some students thought that the lecture portion of the class was a bit long and
dry, so fewer or more condensed lectures with more interactive sessions would be helpful. Other
students thought that the homework assignments, while useful, could be more engaging if they were
not directly from the book. Prospective students do not need a background in geology or GIS systems,
but should be willing to do the tutorials and ask the professor if they have any questions or concerns.
AS.270.220.01
The Dynamic Earth: An Introduction to Geology
John Ferry, David Veblen
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included that the course offers a very broad overview of geology, making it
the perfect class for students who were interested in or just starting out in geology. The light course
work made it easy for students to concentrate on learning the materials. However, some students found
that the exams were overly challenging, or that they did not have enough time to complete the exams,
so fewer questions or more time for the exams would improve the class. Prospective students should be
interested in getting a start in geology, and be willing to approach the professors if they have any
questions about the materials.
AS.270.221.01
Lab Dynamic Earth
Sakiko Olsen
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on experience students received within very relaxed
and diverse labs. However, some students found writing lab reports difficult, or that the labs often went
over the allotted time. Suggestions for improvement included assistance with lab reports, more time to
complete the labs, and more fieldtrips. Students would also like the concepts being taught in the lab to
synch up with what is being discussed during class. Prospective students should be prepared for a lot of
work, but engaging and informative labs.
AS.271.120.01
Environmental Photojournalism
Alexios Monopolis
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
93
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
Students loved having the freedom to create and explore, and loved the course topic. However,
students felt that the class lacked organization and structure, which did not inspire students to keep up
with the work. Students suggested providing more feedback and incorporating more learning into the
course, even though it is more or less an independent study. Prospective students are highly encouraged
to take this course if they are self-directed and have any interest in the environment.
AS.270.305.01
Energy Resources in the Modern World
Linda Hinnov
Overall quality of the class: 3.12
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the wide variety of materials and information provided
throughout the semester. Students found the topics to be challenging, engaging, and relevant to today's
issues. However, students found that there was very little connection of material discussed in class with
what was in the reading or on the exams. Suggestions for improvement included bringing concepts from
the reading into the class lectures, and providing more feedback on homework assignments so students
can gauge their progress. Prospective students are encouraged to take the class if they are interested in
the topic and are willing to put the time in to read and attend class regularly.
AS.270.308.01
Population/Community Ecology
Katalin Szlavecz
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this class are the interactivity and breadth of teaching methods the professor used
to engage her students. Many students found that the field trips and the movies helped supplement the
concepts discussed in class. Some suggestions for improvement included changing the class schedule so
that homework and readings are done before the lecture so that students are familiar with the materials
before class. Prospective students should be prepared to follow the course schedule to keep up with
assignments. Students are encouraged to speak with the professor about any questions or concerns
they have.
AS.271.309.01.FA13
Designing Sustainable Wellness: the Convergence of Social and Environmental Sustainability within
the Built Environment
Alexios Monopolis
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
Students loved having the experience of designing and building their own semester-long project, and
felt that they gained an invaluable experience. While they loved the independence they had to work on
their projects, however, students felt that there was a lack of guidance from week to week. Students
also felt that not much was done in class, and suggested having more classes with content and lectures
94
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
instead of group work. Students wanted more structure and feedback overall in order to get a feeling of
how they were doing in the course. Prospective students should be dedicated self-started who are
seriously organized and can treat this class like an independent study. Students found the class
challenging but enjoyable, and recommended it highly.
AS.270.335.01
Planets, Life, and the Universe
Jocelyne Diruggiero, Naomi Levin, Colin Norman
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.270.350.01
Sedimentary Geology
Naomi Levin
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interactive labs and constant hands-on experience. Students
found the field trips and the emphasis on rock identification to be extremely helpful. However, labs
often ran over and were not always related to what was discussed in class. Suggestions for improvement
included shorter labs, or at least more time to complete the labs. Prospective students that are
interested in learning about sedimentary geology should be prepared to attend regularly and devote
time to the labs, homework, and readings.
AS.270.378.01
Present & Future Climate
Darryn Waugh, Benjamin Zaitchik
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
95
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
EAST ASIAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.310.104.01
Pacific Crossings: East Asia and the US from the 19th
Century to the Present
Adam Bronson
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
Students praised this course saying the professor was enthusiastic and the course covered an interesting
subject matter. However, some students found the amount of required reading excessive. Suggestions
for improvement included a desire for more class discussions among students on topics covered in the
class in addition to the instructor-led lectures. Prospective students should know that the class involves
learning a good deal of history and is a "solid course to introduce students to the history of U.S.-East
Asian interaction."
AS.310.115.01
Ghost Tales from China and Japan, 14th
-19th
Centuries
Fumiko Joo
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
Students praised this course's interesting topic and learning about ghost tales. Some students said they
thought the weekly writing assignments were excessive while others felt the classroom discussions were
at times unproductive as some students didn't participate. Suggestions for improvement included
having the instructor work harder to include students in the class discussion perhaps by calling on
people who haven't contributed. Prospective students should know that students found that the class
focused not only on reading ghost stories but on pieces that analyzed the ghost stories.
AS.310.204.01
Rural Development in Asia
Burak Gurel
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
96
EAST ASIAN
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.310.305.01
Southeast Asia and US Security
Marvin Ott
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
Students praised the course's instructor who was described as very knowledgeable and capable of
explaining things so that even non-political science majors could understand the materials. Some
students thought the once-a-week class was too long, and others wished that students' grades were
evaluated by more than a handful of assignments. Suggestions for improvement included a clearer
structure for class assignments as well as additional graded assignments that would allow for more
feedback opportunities. Prospective students should know that students found the class to be engaging
but disliked that a student's final grade was determined by a handful of assignments.
97
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
ECONOMICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.180.101.01-17; 20-24
Elements of Macroeconomics
Robert Barbera
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
Summary:
Students praised this course for being an intellectually challenging introduction to economic knowledge.
They found the professor engaging and enthusiastic; however, some students felt that he tended to
leave the subject matter to go on unrelated or unimportant tangents. Students also found a disconnect
between what they learned in the lecture and what they were tested on in class. Suggestions for
improvement mostly centered on a desire for greater focus in course lectures. Prospective students
should know that the course didn't require any prior knowledge, but it was necessary to be independent
learners and to read the textbook on their own in order to do well in the course.
AS.180.201.01
Behavioral Finance
Anna Scherbina
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Students praised this course saying the small class size allowed for the class to be interactive. Some
students felt the coursework lacked clarity and unfairly expected background experience or knowledge.
Suggestions for improvement varied with some students requesting greater clarity and focus in the
course. Prospective students should know that students found that participation and discussion were
expected and that a background in finance was helpful.
AS.180.228.01-02
Economic Development
Mark Gersovitz
Overall quality of the class: 3.11
98
ECONOMICS
Summary:
Students praised this course for dealing with an interesting subject matter. Many students had issues
with the instructor who was described as being unengaging and oftentimes getting off topic on
unimportant tangents. Suggestions for improvement included a widespread sentiment that the course
needed more structure in its lectures. Prospective students should know that students found the subject
matter of the course interesting but found the course difficult to be successful.
AS.180.241.01
International Trade
Trent Bertrand
Overall quality of the class: 3.47
Summary:
Students praised this course for providing a good background on international trade. Some students
found the lectures were difficult to follow and the once-a-week class was too long. Students also
complained of a disconnect between what was taught in lectures and what was expected on homework
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for greater clarity in the instructor's lecture
notes and a desire to shorten the course or have it meet multiple times a week . Prospective students
should know that the course had a lot reading. Students also found that the instructor frequently used
graphs to illustrate points, so an ability to understand graphs was helpful.
AS.180.261.01
Monetary Analysis
Laurence Ball
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course for providing real world examples of economic theory. The
instructor was also broadly praised for his engaging and at times funny teaching style. Some students
found the lectures to be redundant as the instructor, who wrote the course's textbook, taught largely
from his work. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for easier grading of assignments.
Prospective students should know that the class closely followed the textbook, so reading was essential.
AS.180.263.01
Corporate Finance
Anna Scherbina
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course for its learning style which focused on analyzing multiple case
studies. Some students thought it was unfair that in a class of roughly 60 people, 40 percent of students'
grade was based on their participation. Similarly students found a lack of feedback on their grade in the
course to be "nerve wracking." Suggestions for improvement varied with some requesting the class be
broken up into smaller groups for discussion while other students wanted the course to have less of a
99
ECONOMICS
focus on case studies and more on general theory. Prospective students should know that students
found the course to be a good introduction to finance but warned that participation was important.
AS.180.289.01
Economics of Health
David Bishai
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
Students praised this course as being both interesting and timely given recent changes to health care
laws. However, some students found the course's homework didn't correspond to what was covered in
class. Students also found the once a week course to be far too long which made it hard to pay
attention. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for the course to be broken into multiple,
shorter lectures. Prospective students should know that students found the coursework to be
manageable but found that exams required adequate preparation.
AS.180.301.01; 03
Microeconomic Theory
Edi Karni, Metin Uyanik
Overall quality of the class: 2.73
Summary:
Students praised this course for showing the "mathematical modeling of real-world economic behavior."
Students had various problems with the course. Some students found it extremely difficult learning from
the two instructors with less than optimal language skills and hard to decipher handwriting. Other
students thought there was a wide gulf between what was taught in class and tested on homework and
what students found on exams. Suggestions for improvement included changing instructors, and
connecting materials taught in class and in the homework to what was on the exams. Prospective
students should know that multiple students found the course to be one of the toughest economic
courses they had taken. Students also found that a strong math background was important for success
with multiple students saying some calculus knowledge was necessary for success in the course.
AS.180.301.02; 04
Microeconomic Theory
Metin Uyanik
Overall quality of the class: 2.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material and real-world examples discussed in
class. However, many students found the materials difficult. Other students thought there was a wide
gulf between what was taught in class and tested on homework and what students found on exams.
Suggestions for improvement included having an instructor with stronger English-language skills.
Prospective students should know that multiple students found the course to be one of the toughest
economic courses they had taken. Students also found that a strong math background was important for
success, especially calculus.
100
ECONOMICS
AS.180.303.01
The Global Finance Crisis
Olivier Jeanne
Overall quality of the class: 3.74
Summary:
Students praised this course for covering an interesting and timely topic that was "very relevant to
everyday life." Some students disliked the lectures, which they felt were were dry, dull, and given in a
monotonous voice. Suggestions for improvement included adding more interactivity in the form of
group discussion. Students also wished the course's problem sets be reworked to help them prepare
them for the exams. Prospective students should know that students found that the course was
interesting but not an easy class. Students found having a background in other economic or finance
classes as well as knowledge of the history of the economic crisis was helpful.
AS.180.308.01
Financial Regulations in the US
Hai Nguyen
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
Students praised the course for its clarity in structure and its clear expectations for students. Students
also praised the course for having a practical and engaging instructor. However, some students found
that organized in-class debates in the course weren't well structured and didn't do much to expand
students' understanding of the course work. Suggestions for improvement included asking for the class
debates be rethought, either by adding in a mediator to spur thoughtful discussion or by replacing them
with writing assignments. Prospective students should know that the course didn't involve a great deal
of math, and that it gave an insight into the roots of the country's financial regulatory system.
AS.180.310.01
Economics of Antitrust
Bruce Hamilton
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
Students praised this course and its small class for having engaging class discussions and a passionate
and interesting professor. Complaints about the course were few, although some students wished the
course had more graded assignments for an idea of how well they were doing in the course. Suggestions
for improvement included adding a bit more structure. Prospective students should know that students
found this course to be a participation-focused seminar-style course that was reading and writing
intensive.
AS.180.321.01
The Economics of Growing-Up
Gwyn Pauley
101
ECONOMICS
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students praised the course's instructor for her approachability in this small discussion-focused course.
However, multiple students expressed concern that most of the work was assigned and consequently
piled up towards the end of the semester. Suggestions for improvement included students asking for a
more even distribution of work across the semester, and requesting for the course to broaden its focus.
Prospective students should know that students found the course to be interesting but found some
math background was helpful.
AS.180.334.01
Econometrics
Berna Demiralp-foreman
Overall quality of the class: 3.31
Summary:
Students felt that the course was very practical and that the materials related to real life situations.
However, students also found that the course required a lot of work, and that the three-hour lecture
was too long to try teaching the information. Students suggested having the class meet twice or three
times a week instead of once, and making the exams shorter. Prospective students should have a solid
understanding of statistics and be prepared to work hard.
AS.180.351.01
Labor Economics
Priyanka Anand
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
Students liked the relaxed atmosphere and interesting subject matter of the course. However, they
disliked the lack of feedback, and many students felt that the math for the course was dumbed down.
They suggested going deeper into some of the topics discussed in class for more challenging materials.
Students who are thinking of taking this class need to be prepared for a fair bit or reading and writing,
but are advised that the course is relatively easy.
AS.180.355.01
The Economics of Poverty and Inequality
Robert Moffitt
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fascinating class discussions and the very interesting topics
they covered in lecture. In some cases, however, lectures could drag a bit, so students suggested adding
more interactive aspects like discussions and activities. Prospective students should be prepared to read
and participate in discussions about a very interesting subject matter.
102
ECONOMICS
AS.180.367.01
Investment-Portfolio Management
Jonathan Write
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
Students felt that this course offered them a very challenging but interesting opportunity to learn about
materials and theories that would be useful in the real world. However, students found the exams to be
stressful and difficult, and the slides somewhat vague. Students suggested adding more Bloomberg
tutorials, better lecture notes, and more thorough questions on the exams. Prospective students should
have good statistical skills and be prepared to attend the lecture to take very detailed notes.
AS.180.373.01
Corporate Restructuring
Hulya Eraslan
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students liked how practical and interesting this course was, and felt it was a good introduction to the
corporate world. However, students disliked the weekly quizzes, and felt that the lecture was too long.
They suggested meeting several times a week to shorten the lecture, and also wanted some additional
interactive activities like discussions. Prospective students are encouraged to take this course because
although it is a lot of work, students found it very enjoyable.
103
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.520.137.01
Introduction To Electrical & Computer Engineering
Trac Duy Tran
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the highly engaging lectures and
professor. The labs reinforced the information discussed in class and students found the materials
challenging but interesting. Students believed that the homework did not reflect the information
covered in the lecture, and they found it difficult to complete the homework because the lecture slides
did not have enough information. Students suggested discussing example problem sets as part of the
lecture, and adding more information to the slides. Prospective students must make sure that they go to
class, complete the labs, and complete the assignments before lecture. Students can always attend the
professor's office hours to get additional assistance.
EN.520.211.01
ECE Engineering Team Project
Jin Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspect of this course was the hands-on nature of the project, which they
thought gave them useful real-world experience. They liked that they were allowed to choose their
project topic, and thought that they learned a tremendous amount. Some students found it difficult to
stay on task in this class because they were given so much freedom, and they found it difficult to set
their own schedule. Suggestions for improvement included dividing up teams to ensure that each had at
least one 3-credit student, and to make sure that the groups had leaders to handle the projects.
Students also would have liked a little more guidance from the professor. Prospective students are
strongly encouraged to take this course if they want to get hands-on experience doing real-world
engineering work. The course is generally work-intensive, as you get out of it what you put in, and
students found it a fun semester.
104
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.213.01
Circuits
Howard Weinert
Overall quality of the class: 3.99
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was how streamlined the professor kept the
materials by only giving student the essential information necessary to understand the concepts and
how to complete the examples. Students liked that the homework was not graded and that the
examples taught in class were exactly like those that appeared on the exams. Students did not like how
little partial credit was given, and believed that the lack of homework grades gave them no incentive to
complete it. Students suggested giving some sort of grades for the homework and thought that giving
partial credit on the exams would also be useful. Any prospective students should have some knowledge
of advanced physics, as well as some algebra and calculus. They should keep up with the homework,
attend lectures, and double-check their answers on exams for simple arithmetic errors before turning it
in.
EN.520.219.01
Fields, Matter, & Waves
Mark Foster
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the enthusiastic and knowledgeable professor, as well as the
interesting subject matter. Students liked how the topics tied in to other classes they had taken, and
found that they got to go deeper into the materials. Students found that it took a long time for them to
receive grades, and that some of the concepts were difficult to grasp. Students suggested going through
more examples during the lecture, and providing feedback complete with answers on the homework to
help students study. Prospective students should have at least a physics II background as well as some
calculus III. The materials are difficult but interesting, and students should attend each lecture and
utilize the professor's office hours for questions.
EN.520.315.01
Introduction To Information Processing of Sensory Signals
Hynek Hermansky
Overall quality of the class: 3.47
Summary:
Students found this course to be interesting, stimulating information. They liked learning about how
sensory signals are processed, and thought that professor taught the materials thoroughly. Students
believed that the course was disorganized, and did not like how the professor extended the class length
by 30 minutes each lecture. Students also thought that the homework and exams seemed to be written
completely by the TAs, which meant that it did not always line up with the professor's lecture materials.
Students suggested having the professor write the exams, and wanted him to go more in-depth with
105
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
many of the topics. Prospective students should be prepared for a relatively light workload, and have
some familiarity with MATLAB.
EN.520.345.01-03
Electrical & Computer Engineering Laboratory
Amy Foster
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspect of this course included the challenging hands-on experience
building circuits and working with electrical components. Many students thought that some of the labs
were overly complicated and time consuming, and that the lack of feedback made it difficult to
determine what needed improvement. Suggestions for improvement included updating the labs with
more real-world applications and providing more supplemental materials and instructions to go with the
labs. Prospective students need to have a solid understanding of circuits and would benefit from their
own lab kit to assemble before the lab begins. They should be prepared to spend the full lab period
working, and be prepared to write a lab report every week.
EN.520.401.01
Basic Communication
Frederic Davidson
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the interesting and challenging topics
discussed during the lectures, as well as the professor's ability to teach such difficult materials. There
was a lot of work and students believed that not enough time was spent going over the many equations
used in class. Students suggested the professor slowing down in order to give more in-depth
explanations of the materials and example questions in the lectures. Prospective students should know
that the course is math intensive and difficult, but interesting. Students are recommended to keep up
with the work each week and to ask questions as necessary.
EN.520.407.01
Introduction to the Physics of Electronic Devices
Jacob Khurgin
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.414.01
Image Processes & Analysis
John Goutsias
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
106
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was that it was well suited for beginners and people
learning about image processing and analysis. Students though that the materials covered in the lecture
did not reflect what ended up on the exam, and that the examples needed to understand the homework
and exam questions were never gone over in class. Students suggested adding more examples in the
class and more practice with applications problems would help. Prospective students should have a
strong background in signals and systems and to be prepared to attend extra sessions in order to get the
support they need to learn the materials.
EN.520.419.01
Iterative Algorithms
Gerard Meyer
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.424.01
FPGA Synthesis Lab
Robert Jenkins
Overall quality of the class: 4.85
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the challenging but informative projects
they worked on, and liked in-depth look at the hardware and programs covered in class. Students liked
the professor's feedback, but thought that they had to spend a lot of time outside of the class learning
the materials on their own. Students also found that the course was time consuming, especially when
labs were held up by buggy software. Students recommended having more directions in the labs to keep
the course more organized, as well as breaking the lecture into two weekly sessions so that more
materials could be covered. Prospective students should be aware that the course is time consuming
and that it is easy to fall behind, but that they will learn a lot. Students would benefit from knowing
about computer architecture and electronics lab tools.
EN.520.427.01
Product Design Lab
Philippe Pouliquen
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.432.01
Medical Imaging Systems
Jerry Prince
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
107
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Summary:
Students thought that this course gave them a broad overview of medical imaging systems. They
believed that the instructor taught the materials clearly and found the course challenging but
informative. Students found the workload to be overbearing at times, and that the curve was harsh.
Students also believed that there were too many quizzes and suggested having fewer over the week.
Students also suggested changing the curve and slowing down to cover fewer topics in more depth.
Prospective students should be aware that this course requires a lot of work outside of the class. It is
imperative that they have a background in signals and systems as well as math like calculus and
geometry.
EN.520.435.01
Digital Signal Processing
Howard Weinert
Overall quality of the class: 3.84
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included learning the basics of the field and getting to apply the theories
studied in class in the assignments. Students found that many of the materials covered in the lectures
did not end up on the exams, and that although the homework assignments were similar to the exam
materials, they did not provide enough information for students to feel prepared. Suggestions for
improvement included adding a section to go over additional practice problems and study sessions.
Students also wanted to go more in depth on many of the topics covered in class. Prospective students
should know how to use MATLAB, calculus, and signal and systems. Students should be prepared to look
to outside sources for additional support and practice questions.
EN.520.445.01
Audio Signal Processing
Mounya Elhilali
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
Students found the professor to the best aspect of this course because she covered a lot of topics over
the semester. Students also liked the projects and the way they were relevant to the materials covered
in the lecture. Some students thought that the course was a bit rushed and that not enough time was
spent going over the math and signal processing. Students suggested including more mathematical
examples in the lectures. Students also suggested cutting down the number of topics in order to go over
the remaining ones in greater depth. Prospective students should know MATLAB and have some
familiarity with signals and systems. This course will provide a good background in audio signal
processing, but students must be prepared to do some in-depth studying on their own.
EN.520.454.01
Control Systems Design
Pablo Iglesias
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
108
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.457.01
Base Wave and Quantum Mechanics
Alexander Kaplan
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.401.01
CAD Design of Digital VLSI Systems I (Seniors/Grads)
Philippe Pouliquen
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the real-world application of the tools they
used to complete the projects. They enjoyed learning the design tools and believed that the work they
did helped them learn the materials. The final project took a large chunk of time and appeared
somewhat disorganized. Students also believed that a lot of the work they completed did not support
the final project. Students suggested assigning the project at the beginning of the course and spending
the entire semester working on it. Students also wanted a lab with TAs to help review and teach the
design tools more thoroughly. Prospective students should be prepared to start on their projects
immediately and be able to set aside a large chunk of time to work on it.
EN.520.515.01
Processing of Audio and Visual Signals
Hynek Hermansky
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.601.01
Introduction to Linear Systems Theory
Danielle Tarraf
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.622.01
Principles of Complex Networked Systems
John Goutsias
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
109
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.646.01
Wavelets & Filter Banks
Trac Fuy Tran
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.651.01
Random Signal Analysis
Sanjeev Khundanpur
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course were the interesting topics and the professor's
thorough lecturing style. Students found the materials challenging but refreshingly so, although students
did complain that the homework load was intense and the difficult materials sometimes led to
confusion. Students suggested that the course be broken up into multiple shorter sessions to give them
time to review the materials. They also wanted solutions to homework and the exams posted so they
could use these materials when studying. Prospective students should have a solid understanding of
probability, statistics, and signal processing and be prepared to take on a heavy course load.
EN.520.701.01
Current Topics in Language and Speech Processing
Sanjeev Khundanpur
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.773.01
Advanced Topics in Microsystem Fabrication
Andreas Andreou
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Students found that the best aspect of this course was the hands-on lab experience, which allowed
them to actually perform some microsystem fabrication. They thought the lab procedures were never
fully explained and that the labs were often rushed because they were too long to complete during the
allotted time. Students also thought the lectures were dry and did not effectively prepare students for
the lab. Suggestions for improvement included additional support with the lab procedures, and more
coordination between the professors. Prospective students should be prepared for a course that is time-
consuming but has a moderate course load and some interesting lab activities.
110
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.662.611.01
Accounting and Finance
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students praised the instructor's ability to clearly explain concepts "that are often confusing." Some
students disliked the course's emphasis on group work as opposed to individual work and individual
assignments. Suggestions for improvement changing the schedule to have the class meet twice a week
for a shorter period. Prospective students should know that the class didn't require much background
knowledge in order for students to be successful.
EN.662.692.01
Venture Planning to New Venture Creation
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Students praised the interesting instructor and liked that this was a course that fostered group
discussion. Some students disliked the course's emphasis on group projects, with several students
complaining that working in groups made it difficult to get things done. Suggestions for improvement
included a having fewer group projects and more individual assignments. Prospective students should
know that the course required regular weekly attendance and that students should start brainstorming
their final group assignment as early as possible.
111
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
ENGLISH DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.060.100.01-02
Introduction to Expository Writing
William Evans
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the one-on-one sessions that students can take with the
professor to review and improve their writing assignments. Suggestions for improvement included
adding more interactivity within the class to encourage discussion amongst the students. Prospective
students should be interested in learning how to improve their writing skills and learn the art of revision
using peer-review edits.
AS.060.100.03-04
Introduction to Expository Writing
Anne-Elizabeth Brodsky
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the writing workshops and the one-on-one conferences with
the professor to review and edit essays. Students particularly enjoyed the creative writing assignments.
Suggestions for improvement included additional creative writing assignments and the chance to
develop a personal writing style. Students also wanted more writing conferences, as they found these
sessions to be very helpful in revising their works. Prospective students should be interested in
improving their writing skills and be willing to accept and implement revisions.
AS.060.100.05-06
Introduction to Expository Writing
Marie O'Connor
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
112
ENGLISH
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the one-on-one writing conferences and the detailed feedback
the professor provided. Students found these sessions to be very helpful when revising their works, and
did not find the workload to be too strenuous. Suggestions for improvement included adding incentive
for class participation and discussion, as students found some of the lectures to go a little long or feel
monotonous. Prospective students can expect to write and revise multiple papers throughout the
semester.
AS.060.107.02
Introduction to Literary Study
Christopher Nealon
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's zealous energy for the subject, as well as the
interesting and board range of reading materials. Students found that the course focused on modern
literature rather than classics, so they enjoyed the change. Suggestions for improvement included
adding classical works in addition to the modern pieces, providing shorter, more concise reading
materials. Prospective students should be prepared to meet with the professor throughout the semester
to clarify questions and to be prepared to discuss the readings in class to prepare for the writing
assignments.
AS.060.107.03
Introduction to Literary Study
Jared Hickman, Eric Sundquist
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included in-depth discussions that engage students and stimulate the
intellect. However, some students felt that this was a work-intensive course for a 100 level course, and
that all of the writers were men writing about men. Some suggestions for improvement included
expanding the reading list to incorporate a diverse group of writers and topics. Prospective students
should be interested in literary theory and dedicate a fair amount of time for reading before class. The
class is recommended for students who do not have a background in literature or English.
AS.060.113.01
Expository Writing
John Waterman
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the challenging and interesting topic for the class, as well as the
professor's enthusiasm. Students liked the workshop setting where they could speak with their peers
about the topic. Suggestions for improvement included providing more assigned readings and to make
them shorter as well as providing students more in-depth feedback on essays. Prospective students
113
ENGLISH
should be prepared for a reading-intensive, mentally stimulating class with moderate writing
assignments.
AS.060.113.02
Expository Writing
Elisabeth Campbell
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the feedback received on essays, which students felt
significantly helped them improve their writing skills. Suggestions for improvement included allowing
more flexibility in the writing style and structure, as some students felt that the essays felt formulaic,
and that more time could be spent on the overall structure of an essay. Prospective students should
expect to put in a fair amount of work on their essays but that they will receive ample feedback to help
their writing improve.
AS.060.113.03
Expository Writing
John Sampson
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the course topic and the detailed feedback that students received
on their essays. Students found that meeting in individual conferences with the professor helped them
improve their writing and understand the structure of effective essays. Suggestions for improvement
included providing more time to digest the materials, as well as more short articles to provide additional
source materials for the essays. Prospective students should be interested in learning more about
Baltimore, and be prepared to do extensive writing and reading.
AS.060.113.04
Expository Writing
Joseph Haley
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the extensive feedback that students received, as well as the one-
on-one conferences with the professor to review students' works. Students found the coursework to be
intensive and time consuming, and that it took a long time for them to receive feedback on their works.
Suggestions for improvement included speeding up the feedback process, and spending more time
discussing the structure of an essay in group discussions. Prospective students should have an interest in
Bioethics and improving their writing. They should be prepared for extensive reading and writing, and to
allot enough time to complete their work.
AS.060.113.05
Expository Writing
114
ENGLISH
Robert Webber
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the topic, which students found very interesting, and the in-
class discussions where students related real-world issues to the topic. Students found the professor to
be engaging and the work manageable. Suggestions for improvement included providing a brief history
of the topic to provide background context, as well as teaching more about the structure and workings
of an essay. Students also wanted more time to complete each assignment. Prospective students should
be prepared to read and write extensively, and to be able to support their arguments and opinions
during class discussions.
AS.060.113.06
Expository Writing
Jonathon Hricko
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the well-organized structure of the course and the detailed
instructions provided for each writing assignment. However, some students felt that they were being
told what to write. Suggestions for improvement included expanding the topic list or allowing students
to make their own arguments. Prospective students should enjoy the topic, and expect a fairly heavy
workload.
AS.060.113.07
Expository Writing
Kevin Roberts
Overall quality of the class: 3.54
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size, which allowed for more discussions.
Students also found the detailed feedback and conferences with the professor really helped improve
their writing skills. Suggestions for improvement included altering the schedule to allow more time to
complete the assignments, and refraining from guiding the discussions too much. Prospective students
should love to write, already have a basic understanding of how to write well, and be prepared to
discuss ideas in class.
AS.060.113.08-09
Expository Writing
George Oppel
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
115
ENGLISH
The best aspects of this class included the variety of interesting topics and readings. Students found that
meeting with the professor and receiving feedback on their works really helped their writing improve.
However, they did find that his grading system was strict with little opportunity to revise. Suggestions
for improvement included having move lively discussions during the class to review the readings, and
spending less time on the structural aspects of writing. Prospective students should love writing and be
interested in the course topic, enough to discuss their views during class. They should also be prepared
to keep up with the assignments, which will keep the workload manageable.
AS.060.113.10
Expository Writing
Anthony Wexler
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor, who challenged students to think about the topic
in a way that interested and engaged students. Students enjoyed the one-on-one sessions with the
professor to discuss their works, although they found some of the feedback to contradict the final
grading remarks. Suggestions for improvement included expanding the topic and sources list so that
students have more freedom in writing their assignments. Prospective students should be aware that
this is a writing and reading intensive course, but the workload is manageable if they stay organized and
on schedule.
AS.060.113.11
Expository Writing
Jacob Chilton
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the materials students read for class, as well as the way the
materials were analyzed during discussions. However, students found the professor to be disorganized,
and that the class strayed from the schedule. Suggestions for improvement involve altering the schedule
so that assignments are returned in a timely manner and that the feedback provided is more prompt
and detailed. Prospective students should have a basic background knowledge of Shakespeare and be
willing to commit a large amount of time to complete the work on time.
AS.060.113.12
Expository Writing
Kellan Anfison
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the ample and detailed feedback students received on their
writings, which they felt helped them improve. Students also enjoyed the different techniques the
professor used to analyze media effectively. Suggestions for improvement included discussion about
essay topics before they are assigned to help students prepare what they will write. Students also
116
ENGLISH
wanted more freedom in topic choices. Prospective students should be prepared for extensive writing
and participating in class discussions and want to improve their writing abilities.
AS.060.113.13
Expository Writing
Nora Lambrecht
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size that permitted engaging discussions.
Students also found the professor's enthusiasm and willingness to help them develop their own writing
styles to be particularly satisfying and helpful in improving their writing skills. Suggestions for
improvement included providing more time for the final essay, which students felt was rushed. Students
also wanted a more thorough review of the rubrics used to score essays, as grading was sometimes
confusing. Prospective students do not need to be English majors or like writing to enjoy this class. They
should be prepared to write often and extensively and be willing to ask the professor for assistance if
they want help improving their writing.
AS.060.113.14
Expository Writing
William Miller
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the engaging topics and materials covered throughout the
semester. However, students found that the course lacked instruction on how to write, and that class
discussions were often stilted and forced. Suggested improvements included more consistent feedback
and more structured lesson plans to encourage more student participation and discussion. Prospective
students should have a strong writing ability and be prepared to write often. They should keep on top of
their work so that the workload is manageable and consistent.
AS.060.113.15
Expository Writing
Maria Libina
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the art history topic, which students found interesting and
engaging. Students felt that the professor's feedback and willingness to work with them on a one-to-one
basis really helped them improve their writing abilities. However, students often found that class
discussions were weakest when people had not done the readings and that the lack of prompt grading
made it difficult to assess their standing in the class. Suggestions for improvement included receiving
consistent feedback in a timely manner and grading on the content of the essays rather than how well
they were written. Prospective students do not need a background in art, but they do need to be
117
ENGLISH
interested in visual arts in general. They should be prepared to write essays that are meant to engage
the reader and to form and support persuasive arguments or ideas within their works.
AS.060.113.16
Expository Writing
Katarina O'Briain
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the highly engaging materials used to explore themes
throughout literature and popular media--"Buffy the Vampire Slayer" was a particular hit in class.
However, students felt that due to the extensive analysis needed for each assignment, deadlines could
be tight and unforgiving. Suggestions for improvement included the possibility of adding more reading
materials, such as a novel, to provide additional themes and topics to analyze in essays. Prospective
students who enjoy science fiction and fantasy are highly encouraged to take this class. They should be
prepared for extensive writing and reading and to fully develop their analysis of the source materials.
AS.060.113.17
Expository Writing
Tim Hanafin
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the personalized feedback students receive on their works.
Students found that feedback was very helpful when writing and revising their works. Suggested
improvements included altering the schedule to better space out topics and due dates, as students felt
that too much time was spent on one topic and not enough time was given to complete assignments.
Some students also felt that a brief introduction to economic terms, patterns, and history at the
beginning of the course would have been helpful. Prospective students should have a basic
understanding of economics and recent current events to fully understand the topic as it is discussed.
They should be prepared for an extensive reading and writing schedule, which can become
overwhelming if students delay on assignments.
AS.060.113.18
Expository Writing
Bican Polat
Overall quality of the class: 3.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included learning how to write academic papers at a college level, which
students felt was useful for any and every major. However, students found that it was difficult to keep
up with the work, as the professor would assign or send out materials the night before it was due.
Suggestions for improvement included sending out materials at the end of the class before it was due
(usually a Thursday), or extending the time in which the work is due to give students more time to
118
ENGLISH
complete it. Prospective students should be prepared to work hard and meet with the professor to
discuss questions or concerns about their writing.
AS.060.113.19
Expository Writing
Rebecca Buckham
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor and her enthusiasm for the material. Students
found her very easy to approach with questions, and feedback to be insightful when revising works.
Suggestions for improvement included changing the schedule, as students felt rushed through many of
the works and did not feel as though they had a firm grasp of concepts. They also felt that the grading
could be harsh at times. Prospective students must be willing to commit time to read and write before
class in order to successfully participate in class discussions.
AS.060.113.20
Expository Writing
Andrew Sisson
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included watching and analyzing Alfred Hitchcock films, and then
breaking into class discussion to talk about the subtleties of his films. Students found these discussions
very helpful, especially when writing response essays. Suggestions for improvement included additional
movies to watch and analyze to provide further topics for analysis. Students also found it difficult to
incorporate feedback into later essays because it took so long to receive this feedback, so a faster
turnaround time for grading is suggested. Prospective students should be interested in Hitchcock's films,
and be prepared to write four essays with deep analysis of his works.
AS.060.113.21
Expository Writing
Robert Higney
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relaxed atmosphere of the class, which encouraged class
participation during the discussions. Students found the professor very willing to meet with them one-
on-one, which gave them helpful feedback when revising their essays. Suggestions for improvement
included more flexibility in the topics, as well as some additional guidance in what an `A' grade paper
would entail. Prospective students should be interested in conservation issues and building arguments.
They should also be willing to keep to the strict schedule in order to stay on top of the reading and
writing assignments.
AS.060.113.22
119
ENGLISH
Expository Writing
Hitomi Koyama
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
The best aspects of this course included the professor's willingness to sit with students and individually
discuss ways in which they could improve their writing. Students also enjoyed the brainstorming
sessions and work with their peers to discuss topics. However, some students felt that the discussions
lacked direction and that some topics were not fully expressed or explained. Suggestions for
improvement included more interactive discussions in class to boost student participation. Students also
wanted longer conference times with the professor to review their work. Prospective students should be
prepared to participate in class with support for their arguments and expect a moderate workload if
they keep on schedule.
AS.060.113.23-24
Expository Writing
Aliza Watters
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-class discussion topics that were engaging and thought-
provoking. Students also found the peer-review workshops and feedback from the professor to be
extremely helpful during their revision process. Suggestions for improvement included changing the
schedule to allow more time to complete assignments, as students often felt rushed when doing their
work. Other students would have liked a smaller class size to allow more active group discussions in
which the professor also took part. Prospective students should go in with a strong writing background,
and a willingness to do the work assigned when it is assigned in order to stay on schedule. The work will
be challenging and writing intensive but students enjoyed the class.
AS.060.139.01
Expository Writing: The Essay
Patricia Kain
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the writing conferences and one-on-one sessions with the
professor to help students get individual feedback and advice on how to improve their writing. Many
students felt that their writing improved after taking this class, and liked the way the professor
presented each topic. Suggestions for improvement included more interactive group discussions, as
students often felt that conversations were limited between only a few people. Prospective students
should expect a moderate course load for a writing-intensive class, and be prepared to work on
improving their writing skills.
AS.060.151.01
American Literature, Race, and Civil Rights
Eric Sundquist
120
ENGLISH
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-depth discussions and the professor's enthusiasm for the
subject. Students liked the variety of the materials in class and felt that the class often ran out of time to
fully develop an idea. Suggestions for improvement included spreading out the readings to allow
students to fully analyze the content of a selection. Some students also felt it would be useful to expand
the focus of the class to include more literature and works about additional ethnic groups in the Civil
Rights movement. Prospective students should be prepared to keep up with an intense but enjoyable
reading and writing schedule.
AS.060.211.01-03
British Literature I
Andrew Daniel
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's energetic enthusiasm for the subject, as well as
the breadth of materials used in class. Students found lectures to be engaging and helpful when writing
essays. Suggestions for improvement included the professor providing a transcript or PowerPoints of the
lectures as he gave students a lot of information in a short period of time. Some students also found the
grading to be very strict and difficult to assess. Prospective students should set aside a fair chunk of time
to read and write but should be able to keep up with work if they stick to the schedule.
AS.060.224.01-02
The Modern Novel
Adam Grener
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging professor and the variety of materials covered in
class. Students found the lectures to be interesting and the professor very enthusiastic. Some students
thought that the lectures could drag or that the reading requirements quickly got overwhelming.
Suggestions for improvement included increasing the opportunities for discussion within the class, and
limiting or allowing students to select a number of readings to lighten the load. Prospective students
should be prepared to commit time for extensive but rewarding reading and writing assignments.
AS.060.307.01
Training\Writing\Consulting
Elizabeth Steedley
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
121
ENGLISH
The best aspects of this course included the effective and different presentations of how tutoring ideas
and practices. Students found the course to be very helpful in preparation to become tutors, especially
watching recorded sessions from the Writing Center. Suggestions for improvement included going to the
Writing Center a little earlier in the semester, and watching more videos for further examples.
Prospective students should be willing to commit to learning the skills necessary to be helpful writing
tutors at the Writing Center.
AS.060.309.01
Home and Wanderlust in Modernist Literature
Nan Zhang
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interesting range in books covered through the course, as well
as the professor's passion for her subject. Students found the group discussions to be very helpful,
although they found that at times the discussions lagged when no one had been able to complete the
reading. Suggestions for improvement included lightening the reading load to allow students to keep up
with the schedule as well as focusing the discussions and lectures to allow for deeper analysis of the
works. Prospective students should be able to keep up with a strenuous reading schedule and commit to
perfect attendance, which is mandatory.
AS.060.310.01
Work and Worth in American Literature
Erica Tempesta
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included small class sizes that led to focused group discussions. Students
also found that the professor was very enthusiastic and wanted to help students improve their writing.
Suggestions for improvement included more guidance and feedback, as well as a chance to revise
returned works for better grades. Prospective students should be prepared to follow the strict reading
schedule and be willing to participate in class discussions about the materials.
AS.060.317.01
Time Well Wasted: Reading Fiction in the 18th
Century
Roger Maioli dos Santos
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the topic for the class, as well as the professor's enthusiasm for
the subject. Students often found the readings interesting, but long and difficult to read on schedule.
Suggestions for improvement included cutting down the reading list to allow students a chance to better
absorb the materials. Prospective students should be aware of the heavy reading load and that the
professor is a tough but fair grader.
122
ENGLISH
AS.060.328.01
Restoration and 18th
Century Literature
Jonathan Kramnick
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relatively light reading load, as well as the class discussions
that focus on a variety of topics. Students found the professor to be very inspiring and good at leading
discussions. Many students found the submission timeline difficult. Suggestions for improvement
included spacing out the due dates of different papers, such as not having a major paper and a response
paper due on the same day. Prospective students should know that they will get more out of the course
if they do the readings on time and actively participate in class discussions.
AS.060.331.01
Poetry and Perfect Worlds
Douglas Mao
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the novelty of the topic, as well as the professor's unmitigated
enthusiasm for the materials. Students found the variety of materials read to be refreshing, and class
discussions to be interesting, engaging, and enlightening. Suggestions for improvement included
additional time spent on the secondary readings, as their importance tapered off as the semester wore
on. Prospective students should be aware that although the reading list is relatively light, they should be
up for a challenging and thought-provoking semester.
AS.060.345.01
Mapping Victorian England
Adam Grener
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the selection of books students read for class as well as the
engaging and challenging class discussions. Students loved the professor's passion for the subject, and
felt that the discussions were very enlightening. Suggestions for improvement included additional
shorter readings, especially secondary readings, to help develop the topics. Students also wanted more
specific guidelines in how to structure their essays for a better understanding of how works were
graded. Prospective students should be prepared to do the readings and to participate in in-class
discussions.
AS.060.347.01
American Bibles
Jared Hickman
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
123
ENGLISH
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
124
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.660.105.01-08
Introduction to Business
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
Summary:
Students praised this course and its instructor for touching upon a variety of business topics. However,
multiple students felt that the course included a lot of busy work that was largely unrelated to
information given during the lectures. Suggestions for improvement included having the instructor
rework the information on the PowerPoint slides. Other students wanted more direction on how to
complete assignments. Prospective students should know that the course had a moderate amount of
reading and work. Students also thought grading could be tough, but the instructor was excellent. The
course didn't require any prior business knowledge.
EN.660.203.01
Financial Accounting
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the professor, who made the class lectures
as engaging and concise as possible. Students thought that they gained a solid understanding of
accounting. They did not like the pop quizzes and found that the homework load was a bit much at
times. Suggestions for improvement included providing deeper discussions of some of the concepts so
that students can better learn how to apply the methods to selected problems. Prospective students are
highly encouraged to take this course with this professor, despite the heavy workload. Any students
with an interest in accounting, business, or finance are encouraged to take this course.
EN.660.203.02
Financial Accounting
Annette Leps
125
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
Students found the professor to be one of the best aspects of this course. She taught the materials in a
enthusiastic and thorough way, and wanted to make sure that students knew and understood the
materials. Students did not like the professor's use of the Blackboard, and they would have preferred
PowerPoint slides that they could have referred to at a later time. Students also suggested having the
lecture three times a week to shorten the class time and allow for more time to discuss concepts in
greater depth. Prospective students who are considering an entrepreneurial business of any sort are
strongly recommended to take this course. Students should be willing to do the homework in order to
stay up to date with the materials and ask questions if they do not understand any concepts since the
materials are cumulative.
EN.660.203.03-04
Financial Accounting
Sean Furlong
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
Students who took this course found the professor to be interested in making sure that everyone
understood the concepts taught in class. Students found the lectures to be engaging, and believed that
they learned a lot of information over the course of the semester. Students did not like the weekly
quizzes, which they found took too much time to study for on top of everything else. They also did not
like how inconsistent the homework was, and wished that they'd been given more time to complete
these assignments. Suggestions for improvement included spending more time reviewing some of the
more difficult concepts in class, and either making some of the homework optional or allowing some of
the quizzes to be completed at home. Prospective students should plan to complete the practice
problems from the book, and keep up to date with the PowerPoint slides by reviewing them for quizzes.
The course had a heavy workload but students thought that they came out with a good understanding
of accounting because of it.
EN.660.250.01
Principles of Marketing
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
Students found the subject matter and materials for this course to be interesting, and liked how the
professor made everything relatable by using real-world examples. Students liked the professor and
found the lectures to be interactive and engaging. Students did not like the daily quizzes, which they did
not believe accurately assessed their understanding of the materials. They also did not like the fact that
the majority of the materials they read were outdated and had to do with the medical field. Students
suggested that the materials be updated to reflect more current events and trends. Students also
wanted assessments that more accurately tested their knowledge of the materials. Any prospective
students should be aware that completing the reading assignments before class is imperative in order to
126
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
do well on the daily quizzes. There is a fair amount of work, but if students keep up with the reading it is
doable.
EN.660.250.02; 05
Principles of Marketing
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course were the materials that related the concepts
discussed in class to real-world applications. Students also liked the professor, and thought that the
course was overall informative. Students did not feel like the lectures were engaging, nor did they think
the lectures prepared them for the weekly quizzes or exams. Students wished that part of the exams
were response based instead of all multiple choice, and recommended posting the PowerPoint slides to
help them study for tests. Prospective students must be prepared to keep up with the reading and know
that this course has a lot of group work. The workload is light and the class atmosphere is relaxed, so
any students with an interest in marketing should take the course.
EN.660.250.03
Principles of Marketing
Marci DeVries
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
Students liked the professor, whom they found engaging and enthusiastic about the materials. They also
liked the variety of topics discussed over the semester, and thought the materials were easy to
understand because they had real-world applications. Students did not like the daily quizzes, and
thought that the amount of reading needed to be completed before each class was excessive. Students
recommended having longer quizzes every other week instead of every day so that they had more time
to complete the readings. Prospective students should be prepared for a reading intensive course with
daily quizzes on the materials. The course is recommended for people who want to see how marketing
is used in specific, real-world situations.
EN.660.250.04
Principles of Marketing
Theresa Jones
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
Students loved the enthusiasm and energy of the professor, and thought that the course covered a
broad range of marketing topics. They liked the group exercises and project, as they were often hands-
on activities. Many students noted that they were quizzed on materials before the content was actually
discussed in class, which meant they had to actively read and learn the materials before class, and then
sit through an entire lecture reviewing what they learned on their own. Students suggested not quizzing
students until after the material was discussed during lectures. Prospective students should take the
127
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
initiative to learn the materials before class in order to do well on the quizzes, which count towards the
final grade.
EN.660.308.01
Business Law I
David Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the very useful information they learned
over the course, and appreciated how the professor used a specific scenario over the course of the
semester to illustrate points and apply it to real-world situations. Students did not like the fact that the
professor did not post any notes or study guides online and that there were few assignments. Students
also felt that the lecture was too long and would have been better meeting twice a week. Additional
suggestions for improvements included adding visuals or slides to make the lectures more engaging, and
adding more assignments for additional grading opportunities. Prospective students should be prepared
to focus and take notes during the lectures. The workload is light and the information useful, so the
course is highly recommended.
EN.660.310.01
Case Studies in Business Ethics
Douglas Sandhaus
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
Students thought that the professor was the best aspect of this course, as he made the class discussions
interesting and the materials relevant. Students also liked the case studies, which they felt provided
great insight into the workplace. They did not like the length of the class, which they believed was too
long. Suggestions for improvement included having the class meet twice a week instead of once, and
incorporating more current events into the class discussions to keep the materials fresh. Prospective
students should be prepared for a steady workflow and a class that encourages them to read about and
analyze hard issues within the workplace.
EN.660.332.01
Leadership Theory
William Smedick
Overall quality of the class: 4.68
Summary:
Students liked how the materials covered in this course were so applicable to their everyday lives. They
found the lectures to be very interesting, and the materials, especially the personality tests, to be very
thought-provoking, and enjoyed the active class discussions. Students found that the work quickly piled
up and that the group projects were either hit-or-miss because they were assigned. Students
recommended providing more thorough instructions for the final assignment, and felt that staggering
the various assignments would make them easier to complete, rather than leaving them all until the end
128
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
of the semester. Prospective students are highly encouraged to take this course if they are interested in
pursuing a leadership role in the workplace, or are just interested in learning more about themselves in
general. The course is writing intensive, but students found the course to be very stimulating and
enjoyable.
EN.660.333.01
Leading Change
William Smedick
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
Students thought that the discussions and lectures were some of the best aspects of this course. They
enjoyed examining the different examples of leadership, and felt that the professor actively engaged the
class to get them interested in the materials. Students found that some of the writing assignments were
vague in their directions, and that they got increasingly more complicated and time consuming over the
semester. They also disliked the lack of feedback on their assignments, and suggested spacing out the
assignments or getting rid of a few to allow more time for feedback. Students also wanted more guest
speakers and additional details about what was expected for each assignment. Prospective students are
warned that this is a writing intensive course, but that the materials and concepts are very interesting,
and that the professor goes out of his way to ensure that everyone gets something out of the class.
EN.660.335.01
Negotiation/ Conflict
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
Summary:
Students liked the interactive aspects of this course, which they felt gave them hands-on experience and
made for interesting discussions. They did not like the amount of work involved and the fact that it took
so long for them to receive feedback on that work. Students suggested handing out examples with clear
instructions early in the course so that they would know what to expect for assignments and wanted
feedback on their work in a timelier manner. Prospective students should be prepared for a lot of
reading and some writing. The course is recommended to students because it will help them learn the
process of preparing for and then presenting a view within a negotiation, which can be useful no matter
what your major.
EN.660.340.01
Principles in Management
Joshua Reiter
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.660.355.01
Sports Marketing
129
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
Students found the topics and guest speakers to be some of the best aspects of this course. They
enjoyed working in groups and felt that many of the topics discussed were applicable to real-world
situations. They did not like the daily quizzes, which they felt were simply busy work, and felt that the
case studies were outdated and too long. Students also found that much of the reading they did was
redundant, so they suggested assigning more concise excerpts from the text. They also wanted a new
textbook and more discussions with less busywork like quizzes. Prospective students should be prepared
for a lot of reading and a daily quiz. Students felt that the class was interesting and good for students
interested in sports.
EN.660.357.01
Copywriting and Creative Strategy
Keith Quensenberry
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
Students loved the assignments over the semester, which they felt were creative and satisfying since
they were able to create content using different media forms. They also liked the professor, whom they
found very engaging and knowledgeable. Students found some of the assignment guidelines a little
vague, and that many of the lectures were just a repetition of materials read in the textbook. Students
suggested spacing out and giving more detailed instructions for each assignment. They also wanted
livelier lectures with more discussion, visuals, and class participation. Prospective students should know
that this is a work-intensive course and that they will need to read the textbook for each class. Students
liked the creativity of the course and the final presentations of their work.
EN.660.358.01
International Marketing
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of this course were the very interesting case studies and interesting
discussions in class, both of which had real-world applications and made the course engaging. However,
students disliked the daily quizzes, and felt that the reading load was excessive. Students suggested
having more in-class group projects or activities, and also to add more deadlines into the final project so
that students can have a more structured setup. Prospective students should be prepared for an intense
workload, but the course is very enjoyable and applicable to future careers.
EN.660.404.01
Business Law II
David Fisher
130
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting materials and the very knowledgeable professor.
The only real complaint that students had was that it was a 3 hour long night class, which could lead to
long, taxing lectures. Students suggested changing the time of day or the number of classes each week
to help shorten lectures and improve class participation. Students also wanted more assignments to
cover the materials and help them stay on track. Prospective students should be prepared to take good
notes during the lecture, which is necessary for success.
EN.660.410.01
Computer Science Innovation and Entrepreneurship
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.660.414.01
Financial Statement Analysis
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
Students felt that the professor was one of the best aspects of this course, as she was very
knowledgeable and taught the material using real-world examples. However, students felt that the
course load was excessive, with many of the assignments feeling like busy work. Students suggested
lightening the workload by assigning fewer, more meaningful assignments. Prospective students should
be prepared to complete a lot of work, but know that most students found this to be a rewarding and
interesting course.
EN.660.460.01
Entrepreneurship
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of this course included the professor and the very interesting
materials the course covered. Students liked the projects and creativity in the course, although they
found the workload to be heavy at times, especially since the course is not technically writing intensive.
Students also disliked the grading, which they felt was vague because of the minimal amount of
feedback they received. Students suggested creating clearer grading guidelines and providing more
feedback on the papers. Prospective students should be prepared for a lot of writing, but know that the
course has some very good and interesting materials for anyone interesting in entrepreneurship.
EN.660.461.01
131
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Engineering Business and Management
Michael Agronin
Overall quality of the class: 3.62
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of this course were the very interesting information taught during
class, as well as the professor, who had a lot of experience and was very passionate about the subject.
However, students felt that the professor was often opinionated and negative about the subject, and
that the lectures could get tedious. Students suggested providing better guidelines for the assignments,
and either making the lectures shorter by meeting multiple times a week, or add in more interactive
aspects to the class, such as discussions. Prospective students should know that the course has a
moderate course load and that the knowledge they learn can be useful later on.
EN.660.461.02-03
Engineering Business and Management
Illysa Izenberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Students found the professor to be very inspiring and that the materials covered in the course were very
applicable to skills necessary for future business endeavors. Students loved the group discussions and
case studies, although they sometimes found it difficult to coordinate team members outside of class for
the group projects. They also felt that grading was sometimes a bit unclear, so they suggested adding
more guidelines to the assignments, and changing the grading to match what was taught in class.
Prospective students are encouraged to take this course to help them with career goals and future
plans. They should be prepared to participate in class and do the work to learn the materials.
EN.663.650.01
Finding a Job and Building Your Career
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.663.651.01
Building an Effective Business Plan
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
132
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.061.140.01
Introduction to Cinema, 1892-1941
Meredith Ward
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course and its instructor, saying the course provided a mixture of film
history and film technique. Students' issues with the course varied; some thought the course had a lot of
unnecessary reading, while others felt the class was too big to be effective. Suggestions for
improvement included cutting the class' size down to allow for more group discussion of films that were
screened. Prospective students should know that students found that attendance was mandatory for
this course and students should practice analyzing films outside of class. Students don't need to be
experts in cinema in order to do well in the course.
AS.061.145.01
Introduction to Visual Language
Karen Yasinsky
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.061.150.01
Introduction to Film Production
John Mann
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
Students applauded this class for giving students hands-on experience with cameras and film. Some
students thought the class didn't involve enough editing but focused too heavily on shooting and
loading the camera. Suggestions for improvement included students requesting additional opportunities
133
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
to work on independent projects. Prospective students should know students found that the course was
a filming-intensive course and that most classes are spent outside filming.
AS.061.152.01
Introduction to Digital Film
Jimmy Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
Students broadly praised the hands-on nature of this class that taught them how to use and shoot
videos using digital cameras. Some students felt the time constraints of the class made it difficult for
students to produce their best work. Suggestions for improvement included a desire to complete
projects as well as for the class to cover more material and skills to utilize. Prospective students should
know that students found that filming was required for this class and students had to find actors and
had to schedule time to film them.
AS.061.164.01
Lights, Camera, Action: Woody Allen
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
Students praised this course as enjoyable and liked watching films, then discussing them immediately
afterwards. Some students thought classes felt long and drawn out particularly if some students didn't
participate. Suggestions for improvement included a desire to see the length of the class expanded so a
greater variety of films could be seen and discussed. Prospective students should know that students
found the course work to be manageable and that no prior knowledge of Allen's films was necessary,
AS.061.202.01
Intermediate Film Production: Personal Essay Film
John Mann
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.061.221.01
Special Topics-Producing the Independent Film
Matthew Porterfield
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
Students praised this course for giving them practical knowledge of how to budget and schedule a film.
Some students found lessons that went over how to use computer applications "drawn out and
unnecessarily long." Suggestions for improvement included a desire to put their skills into practice
134
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
through exercises or assignments. Prospective students should know that students found that it helped
to have a background in film for this course and that the course was good for showing the logistics
behind a film production.
AS.061.307.01
In the City
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.061.316.01
Characters for the Screenplay
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
Summary:
Students praised this course saying the small class size allowed for individual attention, such as
interesting and useful feedback. Students found little to dislike about the class with only one student
complaining the instructor's handwriting could be hard to read when reading her feedback. Suggestions
for improvement included a desire by some students to meet more than once a week to allow for
additional development and feedback. Prospective students should know that students found some
background in screenwriting was expected and work was critiqued in front of the class.
AS.061.343.01
Deadwood and American Justice
Eduardo Gonzalez
Overall quality of the class: 3.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.061.358.01
Directing Actors
Matthew Porterfield
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course's instructor who was described as "hand-on" and was said to have
brought a ton of industry experience to the class. Some students found this course could have used
more structure and one student even commented that they wished the class had more assigned
readings. Suggestions for improvement included adding more structure to the course as well as having
more screenings. Prospective students should know that students found the course's workload
manageable and the course rewarding.
135
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
AS.061.364.01
Hitchcock & Film Theory
Linda DeLibero
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course's instructor for offering fascinating lectures and for fostering
engaging and insightful class discussions. Some students found that students' presentations during the
course could be too long or simply boring. Suggestions for improvement varied; some students wished
the course had more background texts or historical information. Prospective students should know that
students found that in-class discussion was an important part of the course and an interest in the works
of Hitchcock was helpful.
AS.061.370.01
Theorizing Popular Culture
Meredith Ward
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
Students praised this course for giving a new view to students on pop culture and for not only focusing
on films but television and popular music. Some students thought time should have been better
managed in the class with some noting that some student presentations and some group discussions
would go on too long. Suggestions for improvement included a request that the instructor better utilize
technology by improving her PowerPoint slides. Prospective students should know that students found
that the course was focused on in-class discussion and that it offered a new view on pop culture to
students.
136
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
GENERAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.500.101.01
What is Engineering?
Michael Karweit
Overall quality of the class: 2.69
Summary:
Students praised the interesting projects and labs that made students think creatively. However, there
were various issues with the course, with multiple students saying the lectures were too long and that
the instructor was boring. Other students found the course's workload, which included labs, papers, and
presentations, to be heavy. Suggestions for improvement included modifying the lectures to provide
better insight into what work or calculations would be needed for labs and other assignments.
Prospective students should know that students found the course tough, time consuming, and the
lectures dull.
EN.500.103.01
Hopkins Engineering Sampler Seminar
Edward Scheinerman
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
Students praised this course for providing a sampling of the various disciplines inside the field of
engineering. Students' issues with the course focused on the various guest speakers the course had:
some of the speakers were boring or tended to go into theoretical aspects of their field rather than
speaking in an engaging manner and showcasing their field's career opportunities. Students suggested
adding more interactive aspects to the course by creating labs or in-class activities. Prospective students
should know that the course is perfect for undecided engineering majors. While the course is lengthy,
the workload was found to be "very light."
EN.500.125.01-02
Spatial Reasoning and Visualization for Engineers
Katrina Ferrara
137
GENERAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
Students liked the hands-on activities that helped improve students' spatial reasoning. Students found
few issues with this course, although one student wished the course was worth more credits, and
another disliked having homework. There were few suggestions for improvement, although one student
wished the course had more class activities for students to do together. Prospective students should
know that students found the class to be a fun experience with a small workload.
EN.500.200.01-02
Computing for Engineers and Scientists
Kathryn Hedrick
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of this course included the interesting mathematical problems
covered in this course. Some students found the course lacked clear instructions on assignments, so
students suggested giving assignments based on more tangible examples. Another student wished the
course gave students harder projects. Prospective students should have prior computing experience and
a good grasp of math. The course took a lot of work, so utilizing office hours was helpful for succeeding
in the course.
138
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.570.108.01
Introduction Environmental Engineering
Hedy Alavi
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
Students loved the professor's passion for the subject, as well as the way he thoroughly explained
materials in the course. Students also liked the field trip and the guest lecturers and thought that the
breadth of topics covered made the course extremely interesting. Students did find the homework
questions to be difficult, however, and the amount of information covered in the class to be a bit
daunting. Students suggested shortening the lecture slides and materials covered in order to focus on
the topics that were most important. Students also wanted additional office hours so that they could get
more help with the materials. Prospective students are encouraged to take this course if they have any
interest in math, environmental health, engineering, or social sciences. Students should be prepared to
take plenty of notes, keep up with the reading, and pay attention during the lectures.
EN.570.205.01
Ecology
Grace Bush
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course were the field trips that gave them hands-on
experience in the field. They liked the professor, whom they thought was very knowledgeable about the
subject, and liked the materials covered in class. Students found the lectures somewhat unorganized
and difficult to follow. They also felt that the lectures could be long and dry, so they suggested
incorporating more discussions about the materials into the class time. Students also wanted detailed
notes to help them study. Prospective students should be prepared to take good notes and make sure
that they really understand the concepts being discussed. Students would benefit from other science
backgrounds, although it is not necessary.
139
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
EN.570.301.01
Environmental Engineering Fundamentals I
Kai Loon Chen
Overall quality of the class: 3.03
Summary:
Students found this course to be a very useful overview and introduction to Environmental Engineering,
with a lot of opportunity for class discussion and in-depth examination of topics. Students also liked the
ample opportunities to raise their grades, which they found useful since the grading was unclear, and
the problem sets were difficult. Students also had difficulties understanding the professor, and found
that he taught from the book. He did not utilize Blackboard, and students thought that the course load
was sporadic. Suggestions for improvement included uploading materials to Blackboard, using
PowerPoint slides during the lectures and creating a more consistent work schedule. Prospective
students should be aware that this course was taught by a grad student and that there was a lot of
chemistry throughout the semester. The grading can be rough, but if students study they should be
alright.
EN.570.305.01
Environmental Engineering Systems Design
Joseph Ellis
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students found that the best aspect of this course was the professor, who was passionate about the
subject and very willing to meet and go over the materials. Students also liked the content covered in
class, and liked the challenging but interesting examples. Students did find that some of the lectures
went a little too quickly, though, and that the project was a bit rushed since it started so late.
Suggestions for improvement included breaking problems down into steps and providing additional
examples for study. Students also would have liked more time to complete the project. Prospective
students are recommended to pay attention in class and take good notes on the lectures. Students
should have a solid math background, but the course itself is a good introductory class to optimization
and system designs.
EN.570.334.01
Engineering Microeconomics
Catherine Norman
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the grading systems which were based on
completion, as well as the very structured nature of the course. Students felt that they received a good
overview of microeconomics and that towards the end of the semester they could clearly see how the
principles could be applied to real-life situations. Students thought that the materials were sometimes
overwhelming, and that the course could have used more practice problems and examples. Suggestions
for improvement included providing more background in microeconomics by moving at a slightly slower
140
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
pace. Students also wanted examples of how these principles were used in everyday life earlier in the
course as well. Any prospective students should know that although the course materials and work can
be challenging, the professor is willing to meet and talk to them to help them out.
EN.570.351.01
Introduction to Fluid Mechanics
Peter Wilcock
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
Students found that the professor, the lectures, and the labs were the best aspects of this course. The
professor's enthusiasm for the subject made the lectures interesting and engaging, and the labs
reinforced the concepts taught in the lectures. Students did not like how much homework there was,
however, or how the professor tended to rely on PowerPoint too much. Suggestions for improvement
included creating more engaging lecture notes by including visuals, breaking down problems into step-
by-step processes, and providing students with some old exams or tests so they could better understand
the test format. Prospective students should be prepared for a steady flow of homework, and
challenging but interesting course materials. Students should attend office hours if they need help and
should have a firm background in computations.
EN.570.353.01
Hydrology
Ciaran Harman
Overall quality of the class: 3.13
Summary:
Students loved the hands-on field work they had, and felt that the labs really helped illustrate the core
ideas taught during the lecture. Students found the professor very friendly and the course well
structured. The feedback they received was late in the semester and not very helpful. Students also
found the materials difficult to follow and that the textbook did not fully cover all of the queries they
had. They did not feel like the exams tested their knowledge well and found the midterm to be very
long. Suggestions for improvement included using a different book, adding more examples to the class
lectures, and shortening the labs and exams to allow students enough time to complete them.
Prospective students should be prepared for a difficult course with a moderate-to-heavy workload and
very challenging exams.
EN.570.395.01
Principles of Estuarine Environment: Chesapeake Bay
Grace Bush
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.403.01
Ecology
141
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
Grace Bush
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the professor, whom students found knowledgeable and
interesting, and the stimulating materials. Students especially liked the hands-on experiences they got
on the field trips and believed that they learned an enormous amount over the semester. Students did
not like the lectures as much, as they found them disorganized and hard to follow. Students suggested
creating notes to put online and distribute in class and going over the materials a little more slowly.
Prospective students should be prepared for a light-course load, but know that they should pay
attention during the lectures.
EN.570.411.01
Engineering Microbiology
Edward Bouwer
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students found the topics and lecture to be very interesting, and loved the practical application that was
demonstrated in the labs. Students liked the professor, and found the course had a balanced workload.
Students thought that the labs were often unclear and that grading was not always transparent.
Students also found that the homework was often more in-depth than what was discussed during the
lecture, so they suggested either simplifying the homework assignments, or making homework worth
more of their grade. They always wanted concise and easy-to-follow directions for their labs. Any
prospective students are encouraged to attend every lecture to take notes and know that although they
will work hard, they will learn a lot as well.
EN.570.419.01
Environmental Engineering Design I
Benjamin Hobbs
Overall quality of the class: 3.54
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was having guest lecturers from different
backgrounds. The lecturers were interesting and had a variety of topics that students found very
interesting. Several students believed that there was a lack of support from the professors who taught
this course and that they each had contradictory views as to what students should include in their
presentations, Students also thought that the lack of professors on site meant that the schedule was
murky and therefore rushed at the end of the semester. Students never completely understood what
their presentations needed to be, but thought that many of the lecturers were superfluous and did not
relate to their projects at all. Suggestions for improvement included having multiple projects for
students to vote upon, choosing lecturers whose experiences and abilities are more in line with the
current project, and having the professors meet beforehand to come up with a set of directions to guide
students in what their presentations should be about. Prospective students need to attend the lectures
142
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
and be willing to work hard and fast. This is a good opportunity for design work, but can be stressful
because of the lack of organization.
EN.570.428.01
Problems in Applied Economics Research
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students loved the real world experience they gained in this class, and believed that they really got to
see the economic theories in action. Many students were unaware of how much time they were
supposed to commit, and quickly found the workload demanding and difficult to complete. They
suggested organizing the course a little more so that the professor could give students a better
understanding of what he expected from them. Prospective students are encouraged to take this course
to get a feel of what the workplace is like and to see economic theories applied. The course will require
a lot of time and effort, but will be a pleasant challenge.
EN.570.442.01
Environmental Organic Chemistry
A Roberts
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
Students found the best aspects of this course to be the passionate professor and the very interesting
materials. They thought that they learned a lot of material in a short amount of time and that the
lectures were easy to follow. Students did not like how long it took to get their homework back, and
thought that they could not ask questions outside of class. Recommendations for improvement included
changing the office hours, getting a TA and providing more support for the mini-project and final.
Prospective students would benefit from a background in organic chemistry and should be prepared for
a challenging course.
EN.570.443.01
Aquatic Chemistry
Alan Stone
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the professor, whose passion for the
subject made the class very enjoyable. They also liked the fact that the homework prepared them for
the exams and that they received plenty of materials to help them study. Students thought that the
lectures were long and somewhat disorganized, and that there were too many handouts to keep track
of. Students suggested reworking the lectures and handouts to provide an outline for each lecture, and
then have the handouts posted online or collected in a booklet. Students also wanted the answer keys
to the past exams to better help them study. Prospective students should be prepared for a challenging
143
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
course with a fair amount of work. Students would benefit from a background in chemistry, and be
prepared to set aside a lot of time to study.
EN.570.445.01
Physical and Chemical Processes
William Ball
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
Students found that the textbook was an excellent resource in this class, as many of the homework
assignments came from the book, and the lectures had materials pulled from the book. Although the
professor was very knowledgeable, students found that the lectures were often muddled and
unorganized, and that the professor often digressed from the core concepts. For improvement, students
suggested the professor creating and sticking to an outline which the students could then use as a study
sheet later in the course. Prospective students should know to read the textbook before lecture, and to
anticipate a fairly intense workload. Knowing a bit about hydrology and basic math and physics will help
students tackle the challenging concepts discussed in class.
EN.570.470.01
Applied Econ & Finance
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.490.01
Solid Waste Engineering and Management
Hedy Alavi
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.493.01
Economic Foundations For Public Decision Making
Catherine Norman
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.495.01
Mathematical Foundations For Public Decision Making
Justin Williams
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
144
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
Summary:
Students liked how concise, thorough, and easy to follow the lectures were. Students thought the
instructor covered the material well and the course had real-life applications. Students thought that the
homework and assessments were not always in line with what was discussed in class and suggested
including more computer assignments, where it would be easier to use and test students' knowledge of
the concepts. Prospective students would benefit from a basic understanding of programming and
optimization, and should be prepared to read outside of the course to support the concepts discussed
during the lecture.
EN.570.497.01
Risk and Decision Analysis
Seth Guikema
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students loved the course's interactivity and the professor's use of a blend of mixed media to teach the
core concepts. Students found the materials extremely interesting, the lectures very useful, and really
liked watching and discussing the videos of engineering disasters. Most students did not like the `flipped'
portion of the class, where they were expected to learn concepts on their own by watching the videos at
home. Students suggested that the way to fix this might be to recap the videos before class discussion,
or to simply stick to the lecture style of teaching, since everyone enjoyed and learned from that portion
of the course. This course is highly recommended to prospective students who have an interest in
exploring engineering in action.
EN.570.601.01
IGERT Water, Climate, and Health Colloquim
Grace Bush
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
Students loved the guest lecturers and hearing about their different research projects. They thought the
relaxed atmosphere and the variety of speakers really exposed them to some different aspects of IGERT.
Students did wish there was a little more chance for interaction with the presenters and thought that
some of the lectures were a bit long. Suggestions for improvement included posting the papers at least
once a week, and organizing the course at the beginning of the semester to focus or tailor ideas
discussed to student interests. Prospective students should be familiar with the IGERT program, and be
prepared to ask questions from experts in their field.
EN.570.612.01
Infrastructure Modeling, Simulation, and Analysis
Seth Guikema
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
145
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
Students loved the class discussions, as well as the exposure to and the interaction with different
models over the semester. The readings were equally helpful, and students liked the structure of the
course. They did not like the lack of feedback on their assignments and thought that these writings were
difficult to handle since they were unsure of what the professor was looking for. Students suggested
providing more feedback throughout the semester and wished that more time could be set aside to
explore the difficult concepts or varying viewpoints on assignments. Prospective students should be
interested in research design and be prepared to actively discuss the papers they read in group
discussions.
146
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.210.101.01
French Elements I
Claude Guillemard
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.101.02
French Elements I
David Hayden
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the emphasis on learning the language.
Students liked the small class size and the Tuesday Stories. Students did feel that the course was being
taught almost directly from the book and online without much variation or innovation. Suggestions for
improvement included adding group activities and encouraging discussions. Students also wanted more
focus on the grammar and learning the language. Prospective students need no background in French to
get started and should be very comfortable in this basic language course. The work performed in the
course may seem repetitive but is geared towards helping students learn the language.
AS.210.101.04
French Elements I
Jena Whitaker
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the focus on really getting to learn the
language through reading, writing, and speaking activities. The professor was very helpful and open to
assisting students who were having difficulty with the language. However, students thought that the
147
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
online exercises were not very helpful and that the lecture size sometimes made it awkward to speak
and ask questions during class. Recommendations for improvement included additional cultural
learning, more spoken French exercises, and improving the online instructions. Prospective students are
encouraged to take this course if they are interested in learning the language but have no previous
experience.
AS.210.101.05
French Elements I
Nicole Karam
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course were the well-structured lectures and discussions,
which helped them build a language foundation. Students found the professor to be very helpful, and
liked the interactive aspects of the course. However, students did not like the online exercises, and felt it
was difficult to retain all of the information they learned. Suggestions for improvement include adding in
more discussions and group work to increase the opportunities to speak French. Prospective students
should be self-motivated to learn the language and be willing to put in time to complete the homework
assignments each week.
AS.210.111.02
Spanish Elements I
Alejandro Alvarez Herrera Lasso
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the professor, who was engaging and helpful.
Students found this to be an excellent course to learn and understand the language. However, several
students felt that the structure of the homework was not helpful, and did not like the online exercises,
especially the oral practices. Suggestions for improvement included getting rid of the lab in order to
focus the class on discussions and actually teaching the language to the students through lecture.
Prospective students will need to be self-motivated and practice outside of the classroom to learn the
language.
AS.210.111.03
Spanish Elements I
Christian Pack
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor, who was supportive and helpful. Students also
liked the small class size, which they felt gave them more opportunities to discuss and ask questions.
Several students wished there had been more opportunities to practice speaking and the course was
sometimes disorganized. Suggestions for improvement included organizing class time to allow speaking
with an actual person and not a computer, and adding more time for speaking and listening activities.
148
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Prospective students should take this class if they are interesting in getting a strong foundation in the
Spanish language.
AS.210.111.04
Spanish Elements I
Ian Rogers
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the small class size that allowed for
discussions and interactions between the students. The professor was very helpful, and helped students
really understand the materials. However, many students disliked the online assignments, which they
found confusing and did not help with their language learning. Suggestions for improvement include
having fewer online assignments and more in-class speaking and listening exercises. Prospective
students who are interested in learning a language are highly recommended to take this course.
AS.210.111.05
Spanish Elements I
Mary Speer
Overall quality of the class: 3.5
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.112.02
Spanish Elements II
Cathleen Carris
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the good balance of reading, writing, listening, and speaking
activities. Students felt that the course was very effective in teaching them the foundations of Spanish,
and enjoyed the many opportunities to practice the language. Students found the oral presentations to
be very difficult as they did not have as high a fluency level as the professor assumed they did. Students
also felt the grading system was a bit harsh. Suggestions for improvement included increasing the
number of conversational opportunities within the class to help students prepare for the oral exam.
Students also recommended shorter oral activities than the presentations. Prospective students should
be prepared for an immersive language experience, and that they will gain a strong understanding of the
language if they are willing to work hard and stay on top of their work.
AS.210.112.03-04
Spanish Elements II
Michelle Tracy
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
149
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Summary:
Small class sizes, group discussions and a helpful professor were some of the best aspects of this course.
Students felt like the course helped them improve their Spanish language skills through discussions and
the emphasis of speaking and listening. Students did not like some of the work that was assigned in this
class, however, particularly the oral exams with a partner, the online assignments, and the writing
assignments. Students suggested that additional opportunities for conversational speaking activities,
and felt that more variety in the assignments would have helped. Prospective students should be
prepared to keep up with the materials and ask the professor for help as needed.
AS.210.151.01
Italian Elements I
Beatrice Variolo
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this class were the immersive aspects of the course that really
drove language learning, Students liked the small class sizes and discussions, and felt that the
professor's insight as a native speaker of the language made the lectures more interesting and
informative. The work in the class was somewhat time consuming, however, and students felt that there
were issues with the online content being used in conjunction with the class lectures. Students
recommended having shorter homework assignments online and using a different textbook would help
make the class easier to learn language. Prospective students should plan to study the language for
about an hour each day to improve their language skills and to turn in the homework on time.
AS.210.151.02
Italian Elements I
Jane Gomez
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the emphasis on conversation and discussion within the small
group setting. Students found the professors very approachable and helpful, willing to answer any
questions. However, students felt that the textbook was unhelpful, even though most of the course was
taught directly from the book. Other students felt that they were simply fed phrases to memorize for
the oral exam and did not actually learn enough grammar for language acquisition. Suggestions for
improvement included using a different textbook and teaching more grammar and vocabulary to teach
how the language actually works. Prospective students should be prepared to work and study hard, and
remember to complete the homework on time.
AS.210.151.03
Italian Elements I
Lorenzo Bacchini
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
150
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Students felt that the best aspect of this course was the professor. His enthusiasm for teaching as well
as the varied and interactive ways he taught the language really helped students grasp concepts and
vocabulary. Students also liked how they were taught functional aspects of the language, such as
grammar and vocabulary. However, students immensely disliked the Sentieri online aspect of the
course, which they felt was time consuming, unhelpful, and overly complicated. Students recommended
changing the course to remove or improve the online assignments, and creating written assignments to
further test student understanding. Students also wanted more grammatical context for what they were
learning, and a better textbook to use for reference. Prospective students will spend a lot of time
learning on their own outside of the class. Having previous knowledge of learning another language is
very helpful.
AS.210.151.04
Italian Elements I
Rebecca Lee Green
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
Students felt that the professor was the best aspect of the course, since she tried to make language
learning interesting and accessible to the students. Students liked participating in class and practicing
their conversational skills. However, students felt that there was a disconnect between what was taught
in class and what was being tested online and that the textbook was not very helpful. Students
suggested using a different textbook and felt that increasing the time spoken in Italian would be very
beneficial. Prospective students should be self-motivated and willing to put the time in to learn and
study outside of the class.
AS.210.161.01
German Elements I
Gertraud Johne
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
Students thought that the professor's willingness to assist as necessary was the best aspect of this
course. They also liked that the class size was small and allowed for group discussion. Several students
felt that the online assignments felt like busywork. Some students had difficulties with the time of the
class. Prospective students should be able to keep up with the brisk pace and workload of the course
and remember to attend every lecture and session.
AS.210.161.02
German Elements I
Christiane Ketteler
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.161.03
151
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
German Elements I
Deborah Mifflin
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
Students thought that the small class size was the best aspect of this course. Students felt comfortable
enough to participate in discussions and the class pace was brisk but manageable. Students did not like
that some of the work felt like busywork, however and they wished that they had more time for
conversational practice. Suggestions for the class included spending more one-on-one time with the
professor to practice conversational skills. Prospective students should be prepared to devote time
outside of class to practice and learn what is taught in class. The course will help them learn the basics
of German at a rigorous but manageable pace.
AS.210.177.01
Portuguese Elements I
Mary Bensabatt Ott
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enthusiastic and helpful professor. Students found the
course very immersive and effective in teaching them the language. However, although students liked
the emphasis on conversation and speaking the language, they wished they had learned more about the
grammar and forming sentences on their own. Suggestions for improvement included adding additional,
more diverse activities to test students' understanding of the language in reading, writing, listening, and
speaking, such as additional group projects or conversations. Prospective students are advised to have
some previous knowledge of a Romance language because very little English is spoken in class. So long
as students are willing to study and put the effort in, they will find that this is a good introductory course
to the language.
AS.210.201.01
Intermediate French I
Julie Roy
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the professor, who provided very helpful
feedback and support to students throughout the semester. Students liked the relaxed class atmosphere
and the fact that the class was taught in French because the immersion helped them learn the language
faster. Students thought that the varying levels of experience affected the class, because students who
were less comfortable with the language were not willing to speak up in class, and those who were more
advanced in the language quickly got bored. Students also suggested adding more chances for
conversation, continuing the journal exercises and adding in more review for students who feel lost.
Prospective students should have a fairly solid background in French and be prepared to speak the
language in class. Be active in the class discussions and meet with the professor if you have any
questions.
152
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.210.201.02
Intermediate French I
Ioana Cooper
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was the way the professor taught the language to students using different
mediums. Students found that her desire to help students learn the language and her energy
throughout the class made the course an informative and an effective way to learn the language. Some
students did not like the online work, as they believed it did not add to the learning experience and
merely took up time. Suggestions for improvement included adding more of the different movies, music,
articles, and literature, and speaking only French in the class to go fully immersive in the language.
Prospective students should be comfortable in beginner's French and be prepared for a steady load of
reading, writing, and multimedia activities.
AS.210.201.03
Intermediate French I
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.201.04
Intermediate French I
Kathryn Haklin
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
Students thought that the coursework and the continuous variety of activities were the best aspects of
the course. They found that the professor was engaging and willing to give students personalized
feedback as needed, which they thought helped improve their language skills. Several students thought
that the online exercises were tedious, repetitive, and unhelpful. Students suggested utilizing the online
aspect of the course better and thought that more time should be spent watching and analyzing films in
class. Prospective students should have a solid understanding of French and comfortable enough to
speak and listen in a class taught entirely in French. They should be prepared for regular homework
assignments, writing assignments and quizzes.
AS.210.201.05
Intermediate French I
Ana Delia Rogobete
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
153
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Students found that the best aspects of this course were the interactive activities that helped engage
students and reinforce the vocabulary. Students liked that the course was taught primarily in French,
and believed that the relatively small class size made it easier to participate in group discussions. Many
students believed that a lot of the assignments, particularly the online QUIA assignments, were
busywork and did not provide any real language learning value. Students suggested getting rid of these
online activities and replacing them with more constructive assignments, such as writing exercises and
additional conversational opportunities. Students also would have liked to learn more about French
culture and some of the more basic grammatical aspects of the language. Prospective students should
be willing to put in continuous effort to complete the assignments and memorize the grammar and
vocabulary. Students should be fairly familiar with the French language and feel comfortable speaking in
it.
AS.210.201.06
Intermediate French I
Autumn Vowles
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspects of this course included the frequent class discussions and
relaxed environment that promoted speaking and listening in French. The professor was very helpful
and provided ample guidance for students who had questions or difficulties. However, students found
some of the activities to be tedious and unhelpful and that parts of the language, specifically the
grammar, was often skimmed over or ignored. Suggestions for improvement included increasing the
amount of French spoken in class, providing more support in teaching the grammar, and including more
oral evaluations and activities. Prospective students should be comfortable with the language and able
to converse in basic French. They need to be willing to practice and commit time to complete the
activities and get the assignments done on time.
AS.210.211.01
Intermediate Spanish I
Sara Urruticoechea Romero
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was that it was taught entirely in Spanish, which
they believed really helped them learn the language and improve their speaking skills. Students found
that they received good feedback and thought that the activities in class were very helpful. However,
they did find that the online activities and assignments in MySpanishLab were tedious and not helpful.
Suggestions for improvement included getting more guidance on some of the new grammar concepts,
and learning more about the culture, either through activities or movies. Prospective students need to
be comfortable in the language so they can follow along in a Spanish-only setting. They also need to be
willing to put in a lot of effort and keep up with the assignments.
AS.210.211.02; 04
Intermediate Spanish I
Barry Weingarten
154
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the group projects that encouraged everyone to speak, and the
focus on learning the grammar rules. Students thought that there could have been more conversational
and listening activities, and that the course was taught directly from the book with little elucidation or
expansion. Students suggested changing the course to allow more time for in-class discussions and
conversations to help students with their speaking skills. They believed that taking a few minutes to
teach everything in English might help students better understand the grammatical concepts. Students
also suggested replacing the online homework assignments with something else. Prospective students
should be prepared to practice and speak Spanish every day. They should be willing to participate in
class discussions and show that they are putting effort into learning the materials.
AS.210.211.05
Intermediate Spanish I
Marcos Perez
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course were the dynamic class discussions and emphasis
on improving their speaking skills. Students liked the variety of exercises and activities to help them
quickly acquire and perfect language skills. Many of the students thought the workload was excessive,
especially before exams, and that it was often difficult to participate in such a large class. Suggestions
for improvement included spreading out the work assignments and limiting some of the assigned work.
Students also wanted smaller classes to promote more discussions without feeling harangued by the
professor for making a mistake. Prospective students should be prepared to spend a fair amount of time
outside of the class completing work. They should also be comfortable in attending and participating in a
course that is taught completely in Spanish.
AS.210.212.01; 03; 05
Intermediate Spanish II
Sara Urruticoechea Romero
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
Students found that the way the course was structured and the way the professor encouraged the class
were the best aspects of this course. Students liked the informal setting and felt more comfortable
participating in group discussions. Some of the students found the course to have a heavy workload,
however, and others did not like watching the movies in 20-minute chunks. The students also did not
like the fact that the online exercises were meant to help students learn on their own instead of being
guided in the class, so many suggested getting rid of these assignments. Students also recommended
altering the schedule to spread out assignment due dates and allowing students to watch all or none of
a movie in one go. Prospective students need to be proficient enough in Spanish to keep up in a class
where little to no English is spoken. Students also need to be prepared to spend time outside of the
classroom learning and studying the materials.
155
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.210.212.02; 04
Intermediate Spanish II
Sergio Ruiz-Perez
Overall quality of the class: 4.07, 3.80
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course were the energetic professor, the group
discussions, and the helpful textbook. Many students found that the course load was heavy and
unevenly scheduled, and that the course was more or less taught out of a textbook. Students suggested
changing the curriculum to spread out the work. They also wanted to see more activities created by the
professor without the textbook, such as reading literature or poetry to teach grammar. Prospective
students need to be prepared to speak and participate in class discussions that are strictly in Spanish.
AS.210.251.01
Intermediate Italian I
Alyssa Falcone
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course were the very useful and varied activities used
throughout the text. The professor tried to engage everyone in the materials and held class discussions
to get people participating. Most students did not like the online exercises and thought that they did not
help. Other students disliked the oral exams that depended on someone else in order to get a good
grade. Students suggested that getting rid of the online assignments and replacing them with other
activities, such as additional conversation and oral exercises. Prospective students should have a basic
understanding of Spanish. The course focuses heavily on grammar, and the workload is very
manageable.
AS.210.251.03
Intermediate Italian I
Francesco Brenna
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.251.04
Intermediate Italian I
Maria Assunta Farisco
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.261.01
156
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Intermediate German I
Marcus Heim
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.261.03
Intermediate German I
Heidi Wheeler
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Students believed that the better aspects of this course included the in-class discussions and deep
exploration of the topics covered in class. Students thought that their language skills improved and that
the grammar studied over the semester was very useful. Most students found that the online
components of the course were not conductive to learning German and that they simply thought they
were busywork. Students suggested that the online work be replaced with more speaking exercises and
cultural exploration. Prospective students should be comfortable in taking an immersion course, as
everything is taught in German. The workload is constant but manageable and the course is
constructively rigorous.
AS.210.261.04
Intermediate German I
Nina Tolksdorf
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.277.01
Intermediate/ Advance Portuguese
Mary Bensabat Ott
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.301.01
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French
Rebecca Powers
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course were the variety of activities and assignments, as
well as the class discussions. However, students did not like that the professor often used English while
157
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
teaching, and felt like they did not review the vocabulary often enough. Students also felt that the
lectures were somewhat tedious. Suggestions for improvement included adding more conversational
activities and increasing group discussions to promote participation. Students also wanted better
explanations of the grammar. Prospective students should be prepared for extensive writing, but less
speaking in this course.
AS.210.301.02
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French
Bruce Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
Students' favorite aspects of this course included the small, relaxed setting of the class that encouraged
participation and discussion. Students found the cultural lessons to be extremely interesting, and the
writing assignments helped them improve their language skills immensely. Students also found that the
step up to this course from Intermediate French was too much, which made it difficult to keep up with
the lectures. Students suggested having more class discussions and oral evaluations to help them
improve their speaking and listening skills. Students also wanted some additional time at the beginning
of the semester to help them transition to the more difficult materials of Advanced French. Prospective
students should be prepared for an immersive class that concentrates heavily on writing. The materials
are challenging but students' language skills will significantly improve.
AS.210.301.04
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French
Maxime Leblond
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging and supportive professor who provided a lot of help
and feedback to the students. They also thought that the ample writing practice and feedback on their
papers really helped them improve their writing skills. Students found that the workload was somewhat
strenuous and the topics covered in the class discussions to be dull. Students suggested varying the
writing assignments, spending more time on the grammar, and holding more free-topic discussions to
promote class participation. Prospective students should be prepared for a writing intensive course in an
immersive environment. Students are recommended to stay on top of the work and ask questions as
they need to.
AS.210.301.05-06
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French
Loise Leleve
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The small class size and the intensive study of the language were considered the best aspects of this
course. Students really thought that the rigorous writing schedule and the extensive feedback they
158
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
received helped them improve their language skills. Students also liked having a native speaker teach
them colloquial phrases and expressions to help improve their conversational skills. However, students
felt that the lessons on grammar could get long and somewhat boring. Students also did not like the fact
that the final paper is a literary analysis, but that they had not discussed this form of paper over the
semester. Suggestions for improvement included staggered the homework assignments to allow more
time for revision of the papers. Prospective students are highly encouraged to take this course to
improve their language skills and get fully immersed in the language.
AS.210.309.01
The Sounds of French
Bruce Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.311.02-03
Advanced Spanish
Paula Gefaell-borras
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of this course were the rigorous pace and immersive course lectures.
Students liked the immersive set up of the course and felt that the assignments helped promote
language learning. However, they thought that the work outside of the classroom was excessive, and
that there was not enough emphasis on speaking. Suggestions for improvement included adding in more
conversational and speaking activities, adding more practice for the exams, and providing additional
feedback on the assignments. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy workload and feel
comfortable learning in an immersive Spanish-speaking environment.
AS.210.311.04-05
Advanced Spanish
Aranzazu Hubbard
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the enthusiastic and engaging professor, who was dedicated to
helping students learn and succeed. Students also found the workload light and good for practicing
concepts studied in class. Students had very few complaints about this class, only that lectures could
sometimes get a bit repetitive. Suggestions for improvement included adding more time in for additional
conversation and speaking practice. Students also recommended changing the format of some of the
homework to be offline, since the technology would occasionally act up. Prospective students are highly
encouraged to take this course if they are looking to improve their Spanish skills, but they should be very
comfortable in speaking, listening, and learning in the language. They need to be prepared to complete
the work on time and participate in class to get the most out of this course.
159
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.210.312.01-02
Advanced Spanish II
Naiara Martinez-Velez
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the committed professor and her engaging methods to teach
the class. Students liked the variety of activities in the class, and appreciated that the emphasis on
writing, reading, listening, and speaking was well balanced. Many students thought that the homework
assignments were more busy work than actually productive and that the workload had unbalanced due
dates. Students suggested spreading out the due dates for assignments and providing some alternative
assignments to those online. Prospective students should be prepared to complete a lot of work outside
of the classroom, and a lot of participation in class.
AS.210.312.03-04
Advanced Spanish II
Paula Gefaell-borras
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the helpful and engaging professor, as
well as the small and relaxed classroom atmosphere. Students thought that they got to practice their
language skills and that the course was well organized. Students thought that the online work was
ineffective in teaching language skills, and that the workload can fluctuate between very heavy and very
spare. Student suggested spreading out the due dates for assignments and increasing participation in
the class with more conversational and oral exercises. Prospective students should be prepared for a fair
amount of work and expect to be challenged in this immersive course.
AS.210.313.01-02
Medical Spanish
Naiara Martinez-Velez
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
Students really liked the topics and practicality of this course, which they found to be useful. They found
the professor extremely helpful, and the course discussions interest. Students all agreed that the
homework load was very heavy. Their suggestions for course improvement included lessening the
amount of homework and adding more variety to the class activities to allow students to practice
dialogue. Prospective students should know that this course is very work-intensive, but that the projects
have a lot of personal exploration aspects and the materials are all very useful and applicable to real-life
scenarios.
AS.210.316.01-02
Conversational Spanish II
Sergio Ruiz-Perez
160
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the small class size, which encouraged class
participation and conversation. Students found the professor to be very encouraging and that he made
the course interactive and engaging. Students thought that they really grew comfortable speaking in
Spanish. The worst aspects of this course were the focus on grammar and the lack of cultural
discussions. Students suggested that the course include a greater variety of contemporary media, such
as movies, music, and literature, to help them learn about the culture and some of the expressions. They
also suggested changing some of the homework assignments in order to rely less on the online system,
which many did not like. Prospective students are highly recommended to take this course to help them
improve their comfort levels in hearing and speaking Spanish. They should be prepared to complete a
fair amount of work and to participate regularly in class.
AS.210.351.01
Advanced Italian I
Michele Zanobini
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the heavy emphasis on discussion and
conversation. Students liked their professor immensely and felt that he encouraged the students. The
homework load was somewhat heavy, and the due dates for assignments were not well spread out
throughout the semester, students said. Students recommended spending less time on daily work and
more time on grammar review. Students also wanted more vocabulary to work with and a variety of
topics to discuss. Prospective students should be comfortable with taking a course in an immersive
setting and be prepared to discuss different topics in class conversations.
AS.210.361.01
Advanced German I: Cultural Topics of the Modern German-speaking World
Johannes Birke
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the extensive speaking and dynamic conversations held within
class. Students found it helpful that the professor was a native speaker, and that the feedback they
received was very helpful when learning. However, students did not like the heavy workload each week,
which they thought was too much. Suggestions for improvement included adding a variety of
contemporary examples for listening activities, and cutting back a bit on the outside assignments.
Prospective students should be prepared to speak often in class and to work daily on the assignments to
stay on top of the language and workload.
AS.210.361.02
Advanced German I: Cultural Topics of the Modern German-speaking World
Johannes Schade
161
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.361.03
Advanced German I: Cultural Topics of the Modern German-speaking World
Deborah Mifflin
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.411.01
Translation for Professions
Maria Del Rosario Ramos
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.412.01
Community Based Learning  Spanish Language Practicum
Loreto Sanchez
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.413.01
Curso ge Perfeccionamiento
Loreto Sanchez
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.417.01
Eloquent French
Kristin Cook-Gaillourd
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.211.265.01
Panorama of German Thought
William Egginton
162
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
Students praised the course for its overview of German philosophy, which affected the way students
thought about life. Issues with the course included a complaint from students that the course had a
heavy workload, and other students saying the requirement to read a book a week was too much.
Suggestions for improvement included wishing the course met more frequently in order to discuss
readings. Others wished the course cut down on the number of readings so students could focus more
on the ones that remained. Prospective students should know that no prior experience with philosophy
was necessary for success in the course. Students did find the course had a heavy workload but multiple
students thought the course was intellectually challenging enough to make it worthwhile.
AS.211.340.01
Topics in French Cinema: Amour, Mariage, Sexualite
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.211.390.01
Modern Spanish Culture
Javier Valiente-Nunez
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students praised this course for covering fascinating material and for providing students a preview of
their exams to aid them when studying. Multiple students thought the course could have been
improved structurally, because instruction was focused around text-heavy PowerPoint slides that
included all the major points of the assigned reading. Suggestions for improvement primarily included a
desire for more time for group discussions. Prospective students should know that a knowledge of the
Spanish Culture and Spanish language in particular were important because class discussions were
conducted in Spanish.
AS.211.401.01
La France Contemporaine I
Bruce Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
Students broadly praised the multimedia this course used, including movie clips, videos, PowerPoint
slides, readings and other media. Students felt this was a great way to get an overview of French culture
and modern politics. Issues with the course included a lack of feedback and a lack of clarity on what was
expected of students on assignments. Suggestions for improvement included a broad desire for quicker
feedback and grades on assignments. In addition, some students wanted to see increased opportunities
163
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
for group discussion in class, given the small number of students. Prospective students should know that
the course is an interesting look at contemporary France and a good foundation of French grammar and
language was helpful.
AS.211.401.02-03
La France Contemporaine I
April Wuensch
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
Students praised this course for being a comprehensive look at contemporary French society. Many
students complained that it took a long time to receive grades and feedback on assignments. In
addition, some students found the instructor rushed through important points in the lecture.
Suggestions for improvement included a desire for quicker feedback on assignments as well as a desire
for the instructor to be more responsive to e-mails. Prospective students should know that the course
was interesting but had a demanding workload.
AS.211.412.01
Temps et recit dans le cinema francais
Derek Schilling
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.211.426.01
Paris 1900: The Great World Exhibition and the Beginning of Modernism
Kristin Cook-Gailloud
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Students found the course provided a unique opportunity to explore and discuss the exposition and to
do a story on a "largely unexplored" topic. However, the course was disorganized, as assignments
weren't promptly posted before they were due. Other students felt that class discussion seemed
disconnected from one day to the next. Suggestions for improvement included a syllabus for the course
that would clearly lay out the course's assignments and their due dates. Prospective students should
know that the course workload was considered manageable, but students needed to be able to write a
paper entirely in French.
AS.212.127.01
Freshman Seminar: 18th
Century Theater
Olivia Sabee
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
164
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Students broadly praised this small-discussion focused course for allowing for "excellent and casual
conversations." Some students found that the workload for the course got hectic near the end of the
course as multiple assignments were due. Suggestions for improvement included a desire to read a
greater variety of plays from across Europe. Students also wished to see a more balanced schedule for
assignments going forward. Prospective students should know that students found a background in
French and in theatre was helpful for this course, and that there was a performance requirement.
AS.212.333.02
Introduction  la littrature franaise
Hanna Roman
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Students widely praised this course with one student saying the course was "a personalized class with
constant interaction with the professor." Multiple students had issues with the course's assigned
readings, which were either too much or not adequately spread out across the semester. Suggestions
for improvement included a desire to have more opportunities to speak in class either by reading aloud
or by having the instructor encourage more group discussions. Prospective students should know that a
good grasp of French grammar and a command of the language were necessary. Students also found
that there were many required readings used to help complete class assignments.
AS.212.429.01
Thesis Prep
Derek Schilling
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.212.481.01
The 18th
-Century French Novel
Wilda Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.213.312.01
Contemporary German Literature (1970 to the present)
Andrea Krauss
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students praised the course's instructor for leading thought-provoking group discussions and interesting
analyses of literature. Some students disliked having to read, as they felt some of the texts were too
long or too dense. Students also thought that because the course stuck to a theme examining German
165
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
cultural identity and migrant issues, it overlooked other potentially interesting subject areas.
Suggestions for improvement included a desire for a diversification in themes and subject areas.
Prospective students should know that the course focused on reading literature in German and
discussing it in class. So, the ability to read and write in German was important for success in the course.
AS.213.336.01
Dancing About Architecture: Jewish Humor and the Construction of Cultural Discourse
Marc Caplan
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students praised the course for having a knowledgeable professor and covering interesting material that
got students to look at humor in different ways. Issues students had with the course included a
complaint that the course routinely ran over its assigned time. Suggestions for improvement included a
desire that the instructor not presume that students had previous knowledge of Jewish and Yiddish
culture. Prospective students should know that the course challenging yet fun. The course included an
interesting mixture of readings and movies, and for some the experience changed how they looked at
jokes.
AS.214.346.01
The Short Story in Italy Across the Centuries
Pier Forni, Walter Stephens
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
Multiple students praised this course and its two instructors who jointly brought complimentary views
on the course's reading s and subject matter. Some students thought the course could have used more
structure, as some students thought lectures could get bogged down with two instructors. Other
students complained of a delay in receiving feedback on assignments. Suggestions for improvement
included having only one instructor, and including more information regarding Italian history.
Prospective students should know that the course had very interesting readings and that knowledge of
Italy, its history, and mythology were helpful for succeeding in this course.
AS.214.361.01
Rome as Told by its Narrators: A Journey through History, Literature, Arts, & Film
Teodoro Katinis
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.214.369.01
Food and Culture in Italy
James Coleman
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
166
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Summary:
Students praised this course for having a wide range of readings and for exploring a variety of topics
relating to food. Some students thought that while students read a variety of readings, they were not
able to explore the content in depth. Suggestions for improvement included having more focused
readings rather than assigning whole texts. Prospective students should know that the course required
weekly readings and an intermediate to advanced level of Italian fluency was necessary.
AS.215.231.01
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Lauren Judy
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course for being a small-group discussion as opposed to a lecture.
Students also praised the enthusiasm and passion of the course's instructor. Multiple students thought
the breadth of topics the course covered made it difficult to go in depth on any of them, causing many
discussions to be largely superficial. Suggestions for improvement varied with some students asking that
more attention could be focused on some texts. Prospective students should know that students found
the course exposed them to some "really amazing literature" and completing the reading was necessary
to succeed in the course.
AS.215.231.02
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Maria Ruhlmann
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course for exposing them to a variety of readings from a variety of time
periods and styles. Some students thought the class was unorganized with one student saying it was
hard to know what assignments were due when. Suggestions for improvement included a desire that
the course and grading focus more on students' ability to analyze texts rather than requiring them to
remember and go through so many works. Prospective students should know students found that
proficiency in Spanish was required and that while there were a lot of readings, students found the
course interesting.
AS.215.337.01
Teatro Espanol del Siglo del Oro
Harry Sieber
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students praised this course for exposing them to the art of the Golden Age of Spain as well as for
covering a variety of plays. Some students found the course's readings to be long and difficult to
understand, particularly plays that were written hundreds of years ago. Suggestions for improvement
167
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
included adding additional in-class assistance to better understand the plays. Prospective students
should know that students found that a good grasp of the Spanish language was helpful in terms of
succeeding in this course particularly since, as one student noted, "the readings are advanced like
Shakespeare, but in Spanish."
AS.215.451.01
El Cine de Pedro Almodovar
Eduardo Gonzalez
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students praised this course for exposing them to interesting works of a famous Spanish director and for
inspiring interesting group discussions. Some students found the course's quizzes and other assignments
to be difficult because they had little to do with the films or readings. Students also found that the
instructor often went on tangents. Suggestions for improvement included a desire that testing focus on
the themes of works rather than testing the intimate details. Prospective students should know that the
course didn't require a background in the Spanish language or culture. Students also found the
instructor tended to change the syllabus so it was necessary to be adaptable. Finally, some students
found the works of Almodovar to be graphic so students should be prepared for adult material.
168
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
HISTORY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.100.102.01-06
The Medieval World
Gabrielle Spiegel
Overall quality of the class: 3.72
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was learning details about history stretching back to Rome and early
Christianity. Many students had issue with the way lectures are structured with multiple students saying
they wished the instructor used presentation software such as PowerPoint to better present
information to students so they could more easily follow along. Suggestions for improvement included
having the instructor incorporate technology such as PowerPoint more into her teaching and to better
match up reading assignments with exams and class lectures. Prospective students should know that the
class required heavy reading and writing. Prospective students should also know that students were
expected to complete a weekly writing assignment.
AS.100.113.01; 03-04
Making America: Race, Radicalism, and Reform
Ronald Walters
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
The instructor's passion for the subject matter as well as a good selection of readings both primary and
secondary sources are highlights of this class. Some students found that there was a disconnect
between essay questions they were tested on and materials they were required to read and review in
the class. Suggestions to improve the class included increasing discussion in the class and ensuring that
items students are graded on are more closely connected to what has been covered. Prospective
students should know that each week students were expected to write a brief paper on readings
covered during the week.
AS.100.121.01-02
History of Africa to 1880
169
HISTORY
Pier Larson
Overall quality of the class: 3.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the engaging instructor and a subject matter that students said
they hadn't had an opportunity to learn about prior to the course. Apparent issues with the course
varied among the students, as some felt there was too much reading for a 100-level class. Suggestions
for improvement included a request for additional time to complete the midterm and final paper while
other asked for feedback prior to submitting such works so they would know whether they understood
the course. Prospective students should know that the course provided students a good overview of a
number of areas and people across Africa. The course was demanding due to the amount of reading but
also challenged students' perspectives on history and the world.
AS.100.168.01
Freshman Seminar: US-USSR Cold War
Jeffrey Brooks
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
Students praised this class for its ability to offer them new and different perspectives on the Cold War
and the personalities of the leaders on both sides of the conflict. While students enjoyed the new
perspectives, many felt the class had too much required reading in multiple books and other articles.
Suggestions for improvement varied with some requesting the instructor not pick students from the
class roster at random to call on to answer questions. Others asked that the class be streamlined
perhaps by either focusing on the culture or the politics of the time rather than both, or by restructuring
the class to allow for more discussion. Prospective students should know that students had to work hard
and read critically for this course. Prospective students should also realize the course didn't focus
heavily on the military aspect of the Cold War.
AS.100.193.01
Undergraduate Seminar in History
Marina Rustow
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
Most students praised this course both for the breadth of historical topics it touched upon as well as the
way it challenged them to learn the art of writing about history. Students expressed concern about the
amount of reading the course required with one student saying the class required students to read
about a book a week in addition to hundreds of pages of articles. Suggestions for improvement included
reducing the amount of required reading or restructuring the course to allow for the independent
research students need to complete their work. Prospective students should know students found this
to be a great class to learn the art of writing history. Students also recommended choosing their
research topic early on in order to insure prospective students have sufficient time to balance class work
and their own project.
170
HISTORY
AS.100.193.02
Undergraduate Seminar in History
Gabriel Paquette
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Most students praised this course's instructor as well as the way the course challenged students'
research and writing skills. Many students expressed concern about the amount of reading the course
required, with one student saying the class' requirement to read a book a week or more didn't allow
students enough time to reflect on what they were reading. Suggestions for improvement included
reducing the amount of required reading or restructuring the course to allow for the students'
independent research. Prospective students should know this class required a great deal of work but
was rewarding. The course is geared to history majors or those interested in history and may not be a
good choice for others.
AS.100.202.01
Conflict and Co-Existence: The Early Modern Mediterranean
Erin Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
For this course, students largely praised the instructor's enthusiasm and energy and praised the class for
exploring an area and time in history many were unfamiliar with. Some students expressed concern
about the amount and value of the readings with some saying there was too much and that some of the
documents were dry or added little new information. Suggestions for improvement included reducing
the class size to allow for more active student discussion during class. Prospective students should know
to keep up with the assigned reading in order to be successful on exams and papers.
AS.100.241.01-02
American Revolution
Philip Morgan
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
Students praised this course for offering new insights and a fresh perspective on a part of history some
thought they already knew. Some students felt some of the reading and some of the points touched on
in class didn't relate to or were important to what students were graded on. Suggestions for improving
the course included streamlining it to remove unnecessary information and readings. Prospective
students should know this course didn't require any background in the American Revolution. For those
who did have knowledge of the time period, the course offered new perspectives.
AS.100.247.01
Remaking Gender in 20th
Century America
Mary Ryan
171
HISTORY
Overall quality of the class: 3.59
Summary:
Students praised this class for having an interesting subject matter and for having assigned readings that
were relevant and added an extra dimension to class discussions. However, many students found the
lectures to be unfocused or dry. Suggestions for improvement included more class discussions rather
than standard lectures and for lectures to be more focused. Prospective students should expect a good
amount of assigned reading however most of the assigned reading is compelling and relevant to the
course.
AS.100.307.01
Latin American Independence
Gabriel Paquette
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Students praised this course for the interesting content it covered and the engaging debates that arose
from class discussions. Many students felt that the course had a heavy workload that "could sometimes
be very overwhelming," so they suggested reducing the amount of required reading. Prospective
students should know that students found the course very interesting but writing intensive.
AS.100.322.01
New World Encounters: Europeans, Natives, African. The Makings of Creole
Guillermo Garcia Montufar
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.331.01
Buying Power: American Consumer Society 1750-1960
Robert Gamble
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
Students praised the course's intriguing course content and the instructor who was described as a great
mediator of class discussions. Some students thought the class was a bit disorganized and that the
subject matter was so broad that various lessons didn't seem to connect with one another. Suggestions
for improvement included adding a more structure and focus to the course and class discussions.
Prospective students should know that students found there was a lot of reading in the course and that
the class was particularly good for those people interested in business and economics.
AS.100.333.01; 03; 05; 07; 09
Global Public Health Since World War II
Louis Galambos
172
HISTORY
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
Students praised this course for giving a historical view on public health and said the small class size and
the course's structure encouraged class discussions. Some students felt the course was disorganized and
that expectations for students' work weren't clear. Other students said the workload was high for this
course. Suggestions for improvement included having more focused reading assignments and perhaps
having more interactive lectures that used programs such as PowerPoint. Prospective students should
know that some students found the course involved more history and economics than other Public
Health courses.
AS.100.333.02; 04; 06; 08; 10
Global Public Health Since World War II
Barbara Morgan
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
Students praised this course for offering an engaging look at public health initiatives from a historical
perspective. Some students felt the instructor's lectures could be dry and that the reading was
excessive. Suggestions for improvement included reducing the amount of required reading and having
more incentives for students to attend lectures. Prospective students should know that students found
the course was an "interesting interdisciplinary course for it combines history economics and public
health."
AS.100.347.01
Early Modern China
William Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
Students praised this course for having engaging lectures and a reasonable workload. Some students felt
the there was too much material that was fair game for the final making it hard to prepare for. Others
felt there was little correlation between the courses required readings and lectures. Suggestions for
improvement included tying the class' assigned reading more firmly into lectures and doing away with
the class' book critiques. Prospective students should know the course doesn't require a background in
Chinese history or culture although some familiarity will help.
AS.100.372.01
The Victorians
Judith Walkowitz
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
Students praised this course for exploring the time period from "multiple and interesting sources" which
helped them to get a "big picture" view of the time's society. Some students felt the course could have
173
HISTORY
been improved by breaking the three-hour class up. Others felt they were graded harshly. Suggestions
for improvement included adding more class discussions to help to keep students engaged in the class.
Prospective students should know that the grades revolved heavily around essay writing.
AS.100.373.01
Sex and Society in Early Modern Europe
Erin Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course's instructor who was described as incredibly thorough and detail
oriented. Some students felt the reading requirement for this course was excessive. Suggestions for
improvement included offering students more guidance on what was expected on an exam. Prospective
students should know that completing the reading was important to success in the course.
AS.100.405.01
European Socialist Thought
Peter Jelavich
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
Students praised this course for having an accessible and knowledgeable professor and interesting
readings. Some students found the assigned readings to be dense and dry, and other students thought
the course's grading was harsh. Suggestions for improvements were few although some asked for a
reduction in required reading assignments. Prospective students should know that students found the
course required a bit of work and focused on political theory as opposed to history. Some students felt
previous knowledge of the continent or economics was helpful.
AS.100.409.01
Fascism: History and Interpretation
Adam Bisno
Overall quality of the class: 4.90
Summary:
Students praised this course for being always interesting and the instructor for providing excellent
feedback. Some students found the subject matter and readings to be a bit dense and hard to
understand. Suggestions for improvement included changing the course's assigned reading load either
by including different or fewer items. Prospective students should know that students found that having
a good knowledge of European history and political theory was helpful for this course.
AS.100.410.01
Subversive Humor in US and Modern Europe
Jeffrey Brooks
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
174
HISTORY
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.413.01
London 1580-1830: The History of Britain's Capital City
John Marshall
Overall quality of the class: 4.68
Summary:
Students praised this course for having interesting material and an engaging instructor. Some students
thought the class had a lot of reading some of which were dull. Suggestions for improvement included
perhaps narrowing the scope of the class and of lightening the reading load. Prospective students should
know that the class is discussion based and that students broadly praised the instructor.
AS.100.439.01
Cuban Revolution and the Contemporary Caribbean
Franklin Knight
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.470.01
Monuments and Memory in Asian History
Tobie Meyer-Fong
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.479.01
Problems in Chinese Urban History
William Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 4.90
Summary:
Students praised this course for fostering illuminating and interesting full-class discussions. Multiple
students found the class' reading requirement to be excessive, so students suggested assigning more
focused reading assignments. Prospective students should know that the course focused on class
discussion and creating a response paper.
AS.100.497.01
Year of Revolt: 1968 in Europe
Hanno Balz
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
175
HISTORY
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.499.01
Film and Propaganda in Nazi Germany
Hanno Balz
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
176
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
HISTORY OF ART DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.010.101.01-03
Intro to History Euro Art
Herbert Kessler, Felipe Pereda
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enthusiasm and passion of the professor. Many students
who had prior art history experience found that the course focused more on the history then the art
aspect, and felt that some of the concepts were glossed over in favor of classical theories. Some
suggestions for the course included providing a textbook, as well as focusing more on art history and
less on illustrated history. Students would also like to see less reading and more emphasis on discussion.
Prospective students who are interested in learning art history are encouraged to take this course, but
to be warned that the focus is more on history than art.
AS.010.101.04
Intro to History Euro Art
Felipe Pereda
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included that there was no textbook, and that the professor was very
enthusiastic when giving lectures. Students found the lectures to be very engaging and interesting.
Suggestions for improvement included having more structured lectures to promote discussion in class,
as well as posting the PowerPoint slides to Blackboard for future reference. Prospective students might
find it helpful if they have prior knowledge of art history, as there is no textbook but there are readings
that must be completed before class.
AS.010.105.01
Art of the Ancient Americas
Lisa Deleonardis
177
HISTORY OF ART
Overall quality of the class: 4.72
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the well-structured, highly informative lectures with a professor
who was passionate about what she taught. Students found the materials to be very interesting and the
field trips extremely insightful to handle the objects they'd been studying. Suggestions for the course
were very few, mostly that students wished to spend more time at the exhibits and perhaps go to
museums closer to campus. Prospective students do not need an art history background to fully enjoy
and appreciate this course.
AS.010.162.01
Junk! New (Old) Materials in Modern Art
Jennifer Watson
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included fascinating materials and concepts that are approachable for
anyone, including non-art history majors. Students appreciated the professor's knowledge and passion
for the subject, and found the readings and lectures to coincide well. Some suggestions for
improvement included lessening the amount of reading required, as some students found it difficult to
keep up or cover all of the content in class. Prospective students are advised to keep on top of the
reading and participate in class. They do not need an art history background, just an appreciation of art.
AS.010.236.01
Palaces, Temples, and Tombs in Mesopotamia
Marian Feldman
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size that supported class discussion and the
moderate workload that made it easier to digest the information and concepts discussed in class. Some
students found the reading load a bit heavy and felt that the grading system was a bit unclear, so some
suggestions for improvement included providing more concise or fewer reading assignments, as well as
rubrics for the writing assignments. Prospective students should be aware that this is a moderately
writing-intensive course but is excellent for anyone with an interest in Mesopotamia.
AS.010.264.01
Twentieth-Century Art in Europe and the United States
Molly Warnock
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included stimulating lectures and a professor who is highly passionate
about the subject matter she teaches. Students found it easy to understand concepts and intent of
artworks, and that the provided material meshed well with the lectures. Suggestions for improvement
178
HISTORY OF ART
included a desire for more field trips in order to see some of the works of art in person. Prospective
students are advised to take notes and participate in class and that a background in art history would be
useful but not required.
AS.010.347.01
Inventing Antiquity in the Early Renaissance
Stephen Campbell
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.010.389.01
The Stone and the Thread
Lisa Deleonardis
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.010.415.01
Modernism and Postmodernism in Architecture
Martin Perschler
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.010.422.01
Early Modern Dutch and Flemish Painting
Mitchell Merback
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a passionate professor who provided well-organized and
thoughtfully executed lectures. Students found the class interesting and engaging. Suggestions for
improvement included an extension to the lecture time or a reduction of content to discuss, as the
professor often ran out of time to lecture on all of the topics scheduled for the day. Prospective students
should have a desire to learn about the artistic movements during this period, and be willing to invest
time in completing the reading assignments and studying for exams.
AS.010.470.01
Power and Politics in Assyrian Art
Marian Feldman
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
179
HISTORY OF ART
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a lecture-discussion format that allowed for student analysis of
a topic after it was introduced. Students found the discussions helpful for learning the materials and
retaining the information. Students had few suggestions for improving the course. One suggestion
included boosting class participation during the discussions and peer review to encourage discourse
among peers. Prospective students should be enthusiastic about the subject, even if they do not have
prior knowledge. They should be prepared to complete a balanced level of course work and to discuss
high level concepts in a group of peers.
AS.010.481.01
Classics of Art Criticism
Michsael Fried
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
180
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.140.113.01
Freshman Seminar: Darwin, Freud, Pavlov: Perspectives on Human Nature
Daniel Todes
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The professor's enthusiasm and knowledge about the subject material was the best aspect of this
course. Students found the discussions engaging and enlightening, and that they were intellectually
challenged without being overwhelmed. However, some students found the long duration of the class
diminished the stimulating conversation, and that the readings, while interesting, could be daunting.
Suggestions for improvement included breaking the course into two shorter discussion sessions, and
assigning fewer readings each week. Any prospective students are advised to prepare for a heavy
reading commitment, but are assured that the class discussions are challenging and rewarding.
AS.140.115.01
Freshman Seminar: Humans and Artifacts
Yulia Frumer
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
Students found the interesting materials and the freedom to express opinions during class discussion
were the best aspects of this course. The professor did a good job guiding class discussions and posing
thought-provoking questions. Students felt that the readings were too long, however, and that the class
could be improved by including a wider variety of materials and opinions. Students also felt that the
timeline for the research paper was tight and that they could have used more time. Prospective
students should always do the readings and stay active during the class discussions.
AS.140.301.01
History of Science: Antiquity to Renaissance
Lawrence Principe
181
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects were the interesting lectures each week, as well as the course
sections. The lectures were insightful and engaging, as the professor challenged students to really think
about the materials, while the sections ensured that the students knew the core concepts and ideas.
Students had few complaints, although they suggested a slightly different schedule so that the second
half of the semester felt less rushed. Other students would have liked recordings of the lectures, and
more time to discuss and review the lecture information. Prospective students should know that the
course is writing intensive, although it focuses on writing well rather than length. Any students with an
interest in the subject are highly encouraged to take this course.
AS.140.305.01
Science and Technology in East Asia
Yulia Frumer
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.140.311.01
Ecology, Health, and the Environment
Sharon Kingsland
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
Students found that the interesting material was the best aspect of this course. Many students felt that
they learned a lot about the Baltimore area, and that they were able to relate all of the readings to real-
life situations. However, some of the students felt the lectures lacked variety, so they suggested using
more interactive methods to get the class more involved in the discussions. Other students also wanted
to see more videos and hear more guest lectures. There was also concern about the final paper's grade
weight, and students would have liked another, smaller paper to balance this out. Prospective students
should be prepared to commit a bulk of their time to the research paper and to actively participate in
class.
AS.140.315.01
Spaceflight and Society: Exploring the History of the Final Frontier
Roger Launius
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of this class were the professor's professional experience and
anecdotes about the materials. He had personal experiences that he was able to insert throughout the
lectures to keep them fresh and engaging. Students loved the lectures, the material, and all of the guest
speakers. However, students felt that feedback on their responses would have been helpful, and
suggested adding comments to the papers and exams. Other student suggested an optional field trip to
182
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
the Air and Space museum, given the professor's experience with the location. Students highly
recommend this course for anyone interested in space, so long as they are willing to stay focused during
the lectures and complete the assignments on time.
AS.140.321.01
Scientific Revolution
Maria Portuondo
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.140.333.01
The Idea of the Artificial Human in History
Robert Kargon
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.140.347.01
History of Genetics
Nathaniel Comfort
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Students found the interesting topic to be the best aspect of this course. The professor was very good at
giving them a large bit of information and parsing it down. Lectures and sections for the class were very
helpful. However, students felt that the readings could be long and difficult to get through, and that it
was easy to fall behind. They suggested posting the lecture notes online. Prospective students should
know that this course is reading intensive, so to get the most out of it they should stay on top of the
readings and attend each lecture.
AS.140.352.01
Who Wants to be a Billionaire? High Tech & the American University
Susan Morris
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the in-depth history of starting a business, providing an
entrepreneurial environment for students. The professor was very helpful and knowledgeable, and the
case studies provided real-world examples that helped ground ideas discussed in class. However, several
students felt that the information was dated, and suggested including more recent case studies. The
readings were not always applicable, and students wanted to see more variety. Prospective students
would benefit from taking an introductory business class before this or by having a keen interest in
starting their own business.
183
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
AS.140.362.01
The Communications Revolution
Susan Morris
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.140.365.01
From Colonial to Global Health: Health, Healing, and European Expansion, 15
Katherine Arner
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
184
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
HUMANITIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.300.111.01
Shakespeare and his `Goddess'
Elizabeth Patton
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
Most students said the best aspect of the class was the ability to do in-depth analysis of selections of
literature as well as break down types of works such as the sonnets. Some students did feel the class
had a large reading requirement and acknowledged that some of the works they didn't like. Suggestions
for improvement varied with some students asking for a rebalancing of their work so they would have
more time for each assignment. Prospective students should know that the course included a good deal
of reading and literary analysis. While the course title focused on Shakespeare, the class itself involved a
variety of poets and authors.
AS.300.211.01
Great Poems of the Americas
Rachel Galvin
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.300.213.01
Homelessness in America
Thomas Gottbreht
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
Students said they enjoyed the way the class opened students' eyes to homeless issues in the area and
created thought-provoking discussions about homelessness in America. Students expressed concern
that the class had unclear expectations on how they would be graded and that the schedule changed
185
HUMANITIES
frequently. Students felt the class would benefit from a defined syllabus and increased community
involvement, either through increased field trips or more hands-on experiences with the homeless.
Prospective students should know that the course called for an open mind and required students to
interact with strangers through Project Homeless Connect.
AS.300.330.01
Trauma in Theory, Film and Fiction
Ruth Leys
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students said they enjoyed the instructor, whom was described as an "amazing professor" who was
truly passionate about the subject matter. They also liked the discussion-based nature of the course.
While students respected the professor, some described parts of the reading as "dense" or not that
interesting. Suggestions for improvement included adding additional films to the class as well as
allowing the group to drive the in-class discussions. Prospective students should know the class required
student participation and it focused heavily on the Holocaust as opposed to other events of trauma.
AS.300.337.01
The Rise of the Modern Short Story
Richard Macksey
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the instructor whom students described as an "absolute joy." While
students say they enjoyed the instructor, several also felt the class tended to run over its assigned time
as lectures went too long. Suggested improvements included a desire for a firmer structure to the class
with a set and predefined schedule for the course. Prospective students should have patience as
students found lectures could drag on and the course didn't have a perfectly clear structure.
AS.300.366.01
Russian Avant-Garde Cinema
Anne Eakin Moss
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspect of the class was the ability to have a discussion-focused and interesting class on such an
"esoteric" subject. Some students felt the class could have been better structured, with one student
questioning the need for it to meet twice weekly. Suggestions for improvement included focusing
required reading on the pages or subjects that would be covered in class. Prospective students who
enjoy writing-intensive courses and like films should enjoy this course.
AS.300.379.01
Israeli Film and Literature
Neta Stahl
186
HUMANITIES
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
Students said that the best aspects of this small class were the discussions that sprung up among
students as they consumed the varied genres of film and literature. Students' complaints were few, with
some students saying some of the readings were dense or uninteresting. Suggestions for improvement
varied with one student asking for additional time for group discussions, while another wanted an
increased focus on modern literature. Prospective students should know that the small size of the class
required participation and attendance from all students and there was an expectation for students to
screen films outside of class, students said. No knowledge of Hebrew or Israeli literature was required.
187
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.650.414.01
Rights in Digital Age
Michael Jacobs
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the professor, who knew the material well and
did his best to make it interesting for the students. He went into great depths about the various laws
they covered, and used case studies to show each situation in a real-life scenario. Students did not like
the fact that it was a remote course, and often thought that because of this the functionality of the
course was limited. Some students also disliked that the course only concentrated on American law and
thought that there should have been some mention of digital rights in other countries as well. Another
suggestion was changing this to a regular, on-site class to facilitate communication between the
professor and the students. Prospective students should be prepared to read a lot of materials and to
complete a fair amount of work. A familiarity with American law would also be helpful.
EN.650.433.01
Embedded Computer Systems
George Kalb
Overall quality of the class: 3.11
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.650.457.01
Computer Forensics
Kevin Fairbanks
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
188
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the hands-on projects and exercises that
permitted them to practice what they learned in class. Students did not like the group projects, as they
found it was very difficult to coordinate schedules with people they didn't get to choose. Students also
believed that the workload was excessive, and that many of the presentations were unnecessary.
Students suggested including a lecture that went into greater depth about tool usage and assigning
more practical, hands-on projects with additional challenges and areas of forensics. Prospective
students should have a strong computer science background in areas such as coding, OS, networks, file
structure, and software vulnerability. This course is recommended for any students who are interested
in forensics and want the opportunity to try hands-on exercises.
EN.650.458.01
Introduction to Cryptography
Xiangyang Li
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
Students found that this course provided them with a good understanding of the basics of cryptography.
They found that many of the assignments were harshly, however, and that the lectures were more or
less copied from the textbook. Students thought that the course would have benefitted from more
current, real-world examples mixed in with the PowerPoint slides, and believed that more emphasis
should be placed on the content and not the method when grading assignments. The course is
recommended for prospective students who do not have a background in cryptography. Students
should read the book and be very concise and precise when completing the homework in order to
receive full credit.
EN.650.460.01
Software Vulnerability Analysis
Stephen Checkoway
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
Students thought this was an excellent course because of the very hands-on projects, as well as the
interesting lectures that are current and informative about some of the latest software trends. Students
felt that the course was unique and very relevant to their majors. Some students found that the
homework did not really relate to what was discussed in class and wanted the course to include more
problem-solving examples, either in the homework or on the exams. Suggestions for improvement
included adding in more current articles and studies to keep the lectures up-to-date, and including
quizzes to ensure that students actually read the assignments. Students also would have liked to spend
more time during the second half of the semester going over web security instead of focusing on host
security. Prospective students are highly encouraged to take this course for the hands-on experiences
and are interested in software security. Before taking this course, students should have a firm
understanding of C, and a familiarity with web development (like knowing Javascript)is also extremely
useful.
EN.650.621.01
Critical Infrastructure Protection
189
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE
Lanier Watkins
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.650.640.01
Moral & Legal Foundations of Privacy
Michael Jacobs, William Sauers
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included getting to know more about United States
privacy laws and their rights as citizens. They liked the discussions and thought that they were made
aware of many of the issues going on in today's society. Students thought that some of the readings and
lectures were difficult, especially since many had never read law cases before. Students suggested
breaking up the lectures with more discussions and fewer PowerPoint slides. Prospective students
should be prepared to do some extensive reading and have an interest in learning about the privacy
laws in America.
EN.650.653.01
Financial Issues in Managing a Secure Operation
William Agresti
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspects of this course were the professors, who were both very
personable and easy to approach with questions. Students also liked the group project, which they
found gave them insight into managing secure projects. Some students did not like that the entire
course was focused on the presentations, and wanted to add more interactive features to the class like
discussions and additional readings to discuss. This course is highly recommended to prospective
students who are interested in both economics and technology. Having a good understanding of
computer security is highly beneficial as well as some financial background.
EN.650.736.01
Information Security Projects
Anton Dahbura, Xiangyang Li
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the freedom to choose their own capstone
topic as well as the opportunities to meet with potential employers during the guest lectures. Students
liked the various topics discussed, the people who came to speak, and the opportunities to network
within the classroom. Students did not like that seminars did not have a set schedule, and found that
some speakers simply promoted their companies without giving much information into why students
190
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE
should apply, or what their work would entail if they were hired. Other students did not like the
mandatory attendance policy and felt that the lectures were pointless for people who were not seeking
employment. Students suggested fixing a specific time for class each week and wanted more companies
to come and speak. Prospective students should be prepared to learn about current industry trends, and
be open to networking with potential employers.
191
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
INTERDEPARTMENTMENTAL DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.360.133.01
Great Books at Hopkins
Elizabeth Patton
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
Students loved the interesting books they read in class, and thought that the professor was engaging
during class discussions. Students also believed that by the end of the semester their writing skills had
improved. Because there were so many books, many students felt overwhelmed by the reading load,
and thought that they had to rush through the materials to get everything done. Students also thought
that the discussions were sometimes a bit one-sided, with the professor talking at them instead of
encouraging them to speak. Students suggested lightening the reading selection and spending more
time on the assigned books as a way to drive the discussions and get people talking. Students also
wanted more variety in the selections, with works by authors who were female or non-White.
Prospective students are highly encouraged to take this course if they love literature and literary
analysis. The course is reading and writing intensive, and students need to make sure that they
complete the work before class.
AS.360.133.02
Great Books at Hopkins
Kristin Boyce
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the class discussions, which students
found incredibly in-depth and thought-provoking. Some of the students thought that the lectures could
get a bit slow, and that the workload was excessive. Students suggested adding more opportunities for
discussion and adding more variety to the titles read in order to make the reading list less difficult and
more interesting. Prospective students should be prepared for extensive reading assignments, but know
that the course will ultimately help them improve their writing skills.
192
INTERDEPARTMENTMENTAL
AS.360.247.01
Introduction to Social Policy: Baltimore and Beyond
Stefani Deluca, Barbara Morgan, Adam Sheingate
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
Students loved the interdisciplinary aspect of this course as they found that each professor brought
unique and interesting insight to the topics discussed. Students also liked the course materials, and
thought that the entire course was well executed. Students often found the readings long, difficult, and
sometimes overlapping as well as dated. Other students disliked the fact that each professor graded
differently, and that grading was often harsh. Students suggested providing more concise specifications
for their writing assignments, as well as a more cohesive outline for the course overall. Prospective
students should know that the course load is moderate and the topic is interesting, especially if students
are interested in Baltimore. It is important to complete the readings and be prepared to write weekly
memos.
193
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
JEWISH STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.193.200.01
Early Holocaust Literature: Jewish Poetry and Prose 1939-1949
Miriam Trinh
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course were the engaging discussions and getting a balance
of history and literature when learning the materials. However, students found some of the readings to
be a bit dry and tedious, so students suggested finding less scholarly work and actively engaging
students in more discussions. Students also felt that meeting more often for shorter periods of time
would help spur conversation further. Prospective students should know that this course was
considered relatively easy, and that most students really enjoyed the materials.
194
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
MATERIAL SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.510.101.01
Introduction to Materials Chemistry
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of the class: 3.08
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the professor, who was helpful and
willing to work with students on an individual basis. Students also liked the fact that the lecture notes
were online, which they used to review and study for the exams. Students found that they learned a lot
of information about chemistry that would be applicable in many of their later courses. Students found
that the lectures were somewhat muddled, and that they learned more on their own using the book.
Students also thought that the course was fast-paced and not very in-depth, leaving students to learn
the materials on their own outside of class. Students suggested slowing down the pace of the course to
allow for more in-depth discussions about the content, and including more interactive aspects to the
course, such as group discussions. Prospective students should be familiar with basic chemistry and self-
motivated enough to read and learn outside of the classroom as needed.
EN.510.103.01
Foundations of Nanotechnology
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.109.01
Materials Science & Engineering for the 21st
Century
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
195
MATERIAL SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
The best aspects of this course included the many opportunities to hear more about current careers and
opportunities in the field. Students liked the guest lecturers, and liked the breadth of topics covered
over the semester. Students thought that some of the lectures were disjointed and disorganized, and
suggested having more discussions about the topics to get more student interaction. Students also
wanted more lab activities and more direction about what it meant to be a materials science major at
Hopkins. Students recommend this course to any prospective students interested in learning about
different careers in materials science. The workload is light and the lectures are generally pretty
interesting.
EN.510.311.01
Structures of Materials
Todd Hufnagel
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the interesting materials and the
professor, who was helpful and good at explaining detailed concepts. Students really liked learning
about how materials went together, and liked the breadth of materials covered. Many students found
that the course was difficult, as the modules were complex, the workload was heavy and the exams
were intense. Students had trouble dealing with some of the 3D concepts and models, and thought that
too many materials were covered over the semester. Students suggested slowing the lecture down with
more examples of how to solve problem sets during class. Students also wanted more correlation
between the homework, lectures, and exams. Prospective students should be aware that this course has
a heavy workload and is full of challenging materials. Students should have a firm grasp of MATLAB,
thermodynamics, chemistry, and be comfortable working with 3D models.
EN.510.312.01
Thermodynamics/ Materials
Margarita Herrera-Alonso
Overall quality of the class: 2.42
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course were the nice professor and the interesting
materials covered over the semester. Students thought that the course was disorganized and that the
lectures were not useful. The homework and exams did not align with what was taught in the lectures,
and the professor seemed unsure of the content at times. Students suggested creating more organized
lectures for each class to ensure that all of the information is covered and that the professor is prepared
before class. Prospective students need to be comfortable learning materials on their own, and should
have some background in thermodynamics and calculus.
EN.510.316.01
Biomaterials
Hai-Quan Mao
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
196
MATERIAL SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the professor. He was knowledgeable about
the subject and was able to keep students interested by relating everything to applications in every-day
life. Students found the subject matter, especially polymers, extremely interesting and engaging,
although some of the students found the concepts difficult to follow and understand. Other students did
not like how in-depth the exams were, and believed that it would have been beneficial to have more
examples done in class. Students also suggested improving the sound quality of the podcasts, and
wanted additional materials made available online for study reasons. Prospective students should
expect to work hard and attend every lecture in order to take notes.
EN.510.403.01
Materials Characterization
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspects of this course included the field trips, which they thought really
helped put the concepts they were learning about into context. Although students liked the professor,
many found the lectures to be difficult to follow and a bit tedious at times. They thought that some of
the lectures covered too much material, which made it difficult to know what to study for. Students
suggested focusing the lectures to cover less material, but more in-depth. Students also wanted the
midterm split into multiple tests to make it easier to study. Prospective students are encouraged to take
this course because of its light workload and hands-on application of concepts studied in class.
EN.510.405.01
Materials Science of Energy Techonologies
Jonah Erlebacher
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.426.01
Biomolecular Materials I  Soluble Proteins and Amphiphiles
Kalina Hristova
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
Students thought that the lectures were the best aspect of this course, because the information was
interesting and well-explained. Students did not like the student lectures and believed that more guest
lecturers would have been more beneficial. Students also wanted some hands-on experiences
throughout the course. Prospective students should be prepared for a fair amount of reading and
writing, but know that it is an enjoyable class with interesting materials.
EN.510.428.01
Materials Science Laboratory I
197
MATERIAL SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
Students liked learning how to apply some of the concepts they've been learning in class, and thought
that the labs were well organized. They often found that the machines didn't function properly, and that
the lab reports took an overly long amount of time. Students suggested providing some deadlines to
encourage lab reports getting done on a timelier basis. Other students would have liked switching up
the lab groups occasionally to meet new people. Prospective students should be comfortable with
mechanical properties of materials before taking this course. The course requires written lab reports,
which will take some time but are not difficult to complete.
EN.510.433.01
Senior Design Research
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.604.01
Structure of Materials
Robert Cammarata
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
Students thought that the course was well organized and straightforward. They liked the professor and
found that the materials were interesting. Students did not like the limited graded materials, and
thought that splitting the few homework assignments into more, shorter assignments would be a more
effective. They also suggested adding more structure to the lecture itself by focusing on a few topics
each class and then really going into detail with the materials. Prospective students should be familiar
with geometry and 3D forms, as well as quantum matter. The course is challenging but interesting, and
provides a solid understanding of the structure of materials.
EN.510.602.01
Thermodynamics of Materials
Michael Falk
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Students believed the best aspects of this course included learning Mathematica and the professor's
thorough method of teaching the materials. Students liked the class discussions and thought that they
really learned a lot over the semester. Students noted that there was a lot of work, and that the
recorded lectures were not always helpful because the professor was not there to answer questions.
Students suggested having in-class lectures instead, or at least taking time before class to review the
198
MATERIAL SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
lecture materials and give students a chance to ask questions. Prospective students should be prepared
for a heavy workload and a big time commitment. Students should work hard, ask questions and spend
some time getting familiar with Mathematica.
EN.510.605.01
Electrical, Optical, and Magnetic Properties
James Spicer
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.611.01
Solid State Physics
Theodore Poehler
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.624.01
X-Ray Scattering, Diffraction, and Imaging
Todd Hufnagel
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.637.01
Biosensor Materials and Mechanisms
Howard Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.657.01
Materials Science of Thin Films
Timothy Weihs
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
199
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
MATHEMATICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.110.105.01
Introduction to Calculus
Vitaly Lorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
Students praised this course for having a small class size that allowed for "interaction opportunities with
the instructor." Students' issues with the course included some disliking the weekly exams and finding
the two midterm exams to be unnecessary, while others found the final exam "pretty difficult."
Suggestions for improvement included wishing the course spent more time on the material and
provided students with more examples. Prospective students should know that experiences in the class
varied greatly depending on students' knowledge and experience with math. The course included
weekly homework, and the instructor and teaching assistant were available for additional help.
AS.110.106.01-11
Calculus I
Jose Gomez
Overall quality of the class: 3.84
Summary:
Students praised this course and its professor for effectively going through a lot of material in a single
semester. Students also appreciated the fact that there were various resources they could turn to for
help with the math such as Learning Den and PILOT. However, some students said lectures were hard to
follow and rushed. Multiple students also found the instructor to be, at times, sarcastic with students.
Suggestions to improve the course included adding more exams or other graded opportunities. Other
students wanted to have lecture notes or a recording of each class lecture available online. Prior
knowledge of Calculus was helpful but not necessary for success in the course. Students found staying
on top of homework, studying and asking questions were also important for doing well in this course.
AS.110.107.01-04
Calculus II
200
MATHEMATICS
W Stephen Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 3.36
Summary:
Students praised the instructor, who was compassionate towards his students' needs. Students also
liked the variety of math concepts such as linear algebra, differential equations, probability and statistics
covered in the course. Some students complained that because the course covered so many topics, it
didn't go in depth with any of the harder concepts. Many students requested another, more helpful text
be added to the course. Prospective students should know that the course required hard work that they
should be prepared to complete a significant amount of work outside of class.
AS.110.108.01-02; 04-05
Calculus I
Brian Smithling
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
Students praised this course for having an enthusiastic instructor who kept the lectures from being
boring or monotonous. Many students found the course's exams to be very difficult. Students also
complained that the examples done in class were never as challenging as the assigned for homework.
Suggestions for improvement included a desire for the course to shift mandatory homework into
voluntary practice problems. Prospective students should know that prior knowledge of calculus was
expected in the course.
AS.110.109.01-10
Calculus II
Maxin Arap
Overall quality of the class: 4.34
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course for having engaging lectures taught by an "excellent" instructor.
Some students disliked that the lectures seemed to focus on going over example problems rather than
explaining the theory. Suggestions for improvement included a general desire by students for more
feedback, as well as a desire for more opportunity to walkthrough problems in class. Prospective
students should know that students found the course challenging but manageable if homework and
studying was promptly tackled.
AS.110.113.01
Honors Single Variable Calculus
John Lind
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
201
MATHEMATICS
Students praised this course saying the small class size helped them tackle a challenging field. However,
students disliked the course's workload, which was a ton of work. Suggestions for improvement
included a desire for more support from the instructor. Prospective students should know that students
universally considered the course difficult and that a strong math background was necessary.
AS.110.201.01-05
Linear Algebra
Richard Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Students praised this course's instructor as "insightful and creative" and described the class as
challenging. Issues with the course varied with many students saying the workload was heavy.
Suggestions for improvement varied, although some students wished the instructor went over more
practice problems in class so students would have a better idea of what to expect on homework and on
tests. Prospective students should know that the course is challenging, and that staying on top of the
content was important because it was cumulative.
AS.110.202.01-11
Calculus III
Mihai Tohaneanu
Overall quality of the class: 3.62
Summary:
Students praised this course for its challenging subject matter and for having an instructor who seemed
to actually care about his students' success. However, some students found the course had a heavy
workload. Suggestions for improvements included a desire for the instructor to give more examples in
class. Prospective students should know that the course was difficult, but a background in Calculus or
Linear Algebra was helpful.
AS.110.211.01
Honors Multivariable Calculus
Vamsi Pingali
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
Some students praised this course for having a small class, while others praised it as being one of the
biggest intellectual challenges they had ever taken. Students complained of an uneven teaching style,
saying the class spent a lot of time on some of the easier concepts but seemed to race through other
portions without the instructor checking to make sure everyone understood. Suggestions for
improvement included a desire for the class to focus less on theory and more on specific examples.
Prospective students should know that the course was difficult, and that a significant amount of time
had be spent working outside of class in order to be successful in the course.
AS.110.212.01
202
MATHEMATICS
Honors Linear Algebra
W Stephen Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students broadly praised this small class which had students working on group projects and allowed
individual students to work on projects on the board. Some students thought the class suffered from a
lack of structure, while others found the course had a "steep learning curve." Suggestions for
improvement included having the instructor further explain information in their textbooks by going over
topics during class. Prospective students should know that students found the course challenging and
found that they needed to learn how to write proofs.
AS.110.302.01-08
Differential Equations and Applications
Carl McTague
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
Some students praised the instructor for providing many examples of topics students were learning
which aided their ability to master the course's topics. Some students found the course's homework and
problems set to be hard and thought they took up too much time. Suggestions for improvement
included providing additional support either by the instructor providing additional practice problems or
support with problems. Prospective students should know that the material is tough but manageable
and in line with other courses. Students found it useful to sit towards the front of the classroom as the
instructor was soft spoken.
AS.110.304.01
Elementary Number Theory
Jian Kong
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
Multiple students praised this course for teaching students how to do mathematical proofs as well as
having fair tests. Many students found the instructor lackluster, as some said he spoke too quickly while
others said he seemed to merely copy material from the textbook onto the board during lectures.
Suggestions for improvement included a desire from multiple students for greater support while
learning and wishing the instructor deviated from the textbook during instruction. Prospective students
should know that a math background was beneficial to success in the course.
AS.110.311.01
Methods of Complex Analysis
Jesus Martinez Garcia
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
203
MATHEMATICS
Summary:
Students praised this course for having an effective instructor who seemed genuinely interested in
making sure students understood the material. Students had various issues with the instructor's style
with some wishing he had gone over more practical examples. Some felt the course's grading system
was unfair. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for a greater number of practical examples or
perhaps even a practice exam, as well as having the professor better clarify his expectations. Prospective
students should know that a strong math background was helpful in succeeding in the course. Students
also found the course had a big homework load.
AS.110.401.01
Advanced Algebra I
Jack Morava
Overall quality of the class: 3.21
Summary:
Students praised this course for its interest subject matter and manageable workload. Multiple students
found lectures to be disorganized and difficult to follow. Suggestions for improvement included a desire
to see increased structure in lectures, and that additional time be spent on difficult concepts to allow
students time to learn. Prospective students should know that students found the course's workload to
be very manageable; there were no midterms or finals. Students also found that some work outside the
classroom was required to be successful.
AS.110.405.01
Introduction to Real Analysis
Joel Spruck
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
Students praised this course, which covered challenging material, and the instructor, who presented the
information in a logical and understandable way. Some students disliked that they received little to no
feedback on their homework. Suggestions for improvement included a broad desire among students for
more feedback on assignments. Prospective students should know that students found the course to be
a very challenging analysis course, and a familiarity with math proofs was helpful.
AS.110.415.01
Honors Analysis I
Steven Zucker
Overall quality of the class: 2.88
Summary:
Students thought this course was extremely intellectually challenging. Most students said the course's
homework was too much and took too long  multiple students said it took 10 hours or more to
complete problem sets. Suggestions for improvement included reducing the amount of homework and
providing more in-class support on how to complete problems. Prospective students should know that
the course required a great deal of work and a background in proof writing seemed to be presumed.
204
MATHEMATICS
AS.110.605.01
Real Variables
Chikako Mese
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students praised this course for covering an interesting subject matter and for having a clear and
knowledgeable instructor. Issues with the course included some students complaining the course wasn't
very interesting and that the lecture essentially restated what was written in the textbook. Suggestions
for improvement included a desire for better feedback on homework. Prospective students should know
that prior knowledge of undergraduate level math topics such as analysis, linear algebra, and other
topics was helpful. Textbook exercises and homework were found to be challenging as well.
205
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.530.101.01
Freshman Experiences in Mechanical Engineering
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 3.58
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspect of this course was having a variety of guest speakers who spoke of the
opportunities in the field of Mechanical Engineering. However, some students thought the course could
be boring, and also said that the program MATLAB was difficult to master. Suggestions for improvement
included spending more time going over MATLAB to make sure students understand it. Prospective
students should know that the coursework was light, but students had to make sure they understood
how to use MATLAB in order to be successful in the course.
EN.530.103.01
Introduction to Mechanics I
John Thomas
Overall quality of the class: 4.49
Summary:
Students praised this course's "funny" and "engaging" instructor as a highlight of the course. Despite
this, some students complained that the instructor could take the course on needless tangents, and that
the course could move slowly. Suggestions for improvement were few, although some students wished
the pace of the course was increased. Prospective students should know that the course was fun and
interesting, but that it was helpful to know Calculus and Physics before taking the course.
EN.530.105.01-04
Mechanical Engineering Freshman Laboratory I
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
206
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Summary:
Students loved the hands-on opportunities to use MATLAB and to explore concepts in Mechanical
Engineering. Some students found some of the course's projects to be long and boring, though, so
students suggested creating different and more interesting laboratory assignments. Prospective
students should know that the course's workload light and that it was helpful to have some knowledge
of physics and programming. Students also found it important not to procrastinate during labs and
found it helpful to sign up for sections of the class with few students in order to get more personal
attention from teaching assistants.
EN.530.201.01-06
Statics and Mechanics of Materials
Takeru Igusa
Overall quality of the class: 3.16
Summary:
Students praised this course for allowing students to learn at their own pace, although this made the
course difficult for many students. Suggestions for improvement included creating a more engaging and
useful lecture to teach concepts to students instead of relying on homework and problem sets to make
them learn on their own. Prospective students should know the course's workload manageable but
students had to be willing and able to keep up with the work independently.
EN.530.231.01
Mechanical Engineering Thermodynamics
Joseph Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
Students praised the engaging instructor and the interesting subject matter. Students had various issues
with this course, though, with some students disliking that the instructor was called out of lectures
multiple times, while others found the course material difficult to grasp. Suggestions for improvement
included a desire for a quicker turnaround on assignments. Some students also requested the instructor
not miss as many lectures or that the department simply assign a different professor. Prospective
students should know that the course was challenging, but the material and the instructor were
interesting. Students also found reading the textbook and studying the material outside of class
important for success in the class.
EN.530.232.01
Mechanical Engineering Thermodynamics Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
Students liked the course's hands-on experience with the thermodynamic concepts they learned in
lectures. However, students often found that the lab reports could be long and boring, and that lazy
members in the group labs would receive the same grade as the productive ones. Suggestions for
207
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
improvement included returning graded assignments more promptly and with greater feedback.
Prospective students should know that the course was time consuming and that students needed to
keep on top of the work to succeed.
EN.530.327.01
Introduction to Fluid Mechanics
Dennice Gayme
Overall quality of the class: 2.41
Summary:
Students praised this course for giving them an introduction to fluid dynamics, a subject applicable to
other areas of the Mechanical Engineering major. Many students found the course difficult and said the
instructor presented equations but didn't do example problems or otherwise walk students through the
applications of concepts. Students suggested that the style of instruction change to be more thorough in
descriptions, and more interactive. Prospective students should know that a strong background in
calculus and math was needed for this course. Similarly, students found consistent study was necessary.
EN.530.329.01
Introduction to Fluid Mechanics Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspect of this course was the hands-on approach to learning fluid mechanics.
However, students found the laboratory reports to be difficult and time consuming, and the grading was
harsh as well. Suggestions for improvement included adding more labs while examining the difficulty of
existing labs. Prospective students should know that the labs took up a significant amount of time and
shouldn't be put off.
EN.530.352.01
Materials Selection
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enjoyable instruction and interesting group projects. Some
students found the course relied too much on students memorizing facts and equations rather than
testing to see if students understood concepts. Suggestions for improvement varied, as some students
wished the course had a better text book, while others found the scope of the material covered by the
course was too broad. Prospective students should know that attending lectures and taking good notes
was essential since the textbook was less than helpful.
EN.530.403.01
Engineering Design Project
Nathan Scott
208
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was getting to work with a client on a project that
would address a real-world demand. They liked the freedom the course allowed and appreciated that
the professor was always there to provide support. Many students disliked the lack of feedback in the
course, because they never knew how well they were doing. Some students disliked the projects they
were assigned, while other students believed that there were too few managers involved to get any
productive feedback. Suggestions for improvement included halving the number of reports they had to
write, increasing the number of TA supervisors for the course and providing feedback to the teams to
help them improve their project. Students also thought that the lecture was unhelpful and suggested
getting rid of it altogether. Prospective students must be willing to put the time and effort into this class
to get the full benefit of the experience.
EN.530.414.01-05
Computer Aided Design
Dan Stoianovici
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
One of the better aspects of this course was learning the CAD software, which students believed would
be extremely useful for school and the workplace. Students liked the practicality of the course and
thought that the professor taught the information very well. Most students found that the homework
was very long and time-consuming, and that they would only receive the answers to the questions
instead of being walked through the steps during office hours. Suggestions for improvement included
changing the class to meet twice a week, and shortening the homework assignments. Students also
thought that a final, semester-long project would be more effective than a final exam. They wished
there was some way to record the lecture, too. Prospective students are highly encouraged to take this
course if they need to learn and practice CAD. They should be prepared to put in long hours and take
very thorough notes during class to capture all of the steps discussed in the lecture.
EN.530.418.01
Aerospace Structures & Materials
Thomas Dragone
Overall quality of the class: 3.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the materials brought in over the course of the semester as
`show and tell' objects in relation to what students were studying at that time. Students found the
materials discussed in class to be very interesting and applicable to real-world scenarios. Students
disliked the structure of the course, especially the workload. The students also believed that the time
requirements for exams and homework assignments were significantly underestimated by the
professor. There were several suggestions for improvement, which included having in-class lectures in
lieu of the online video lectures, although students thought that these could be used as backup
references after they'd been updated with newer content. Students also believed that adding and
209
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
explaining additional example problem sets to the lecture would give them the understanding they
needed to complete the homework. Prospective students should be aware that although the course has
some good, real-world information, the course is very difficult and time-consuming.
EN.530.420.01
Robot Sensors/Actuators
David Kraemer
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students loved the hands-on aspect of this course, especially the labs, where they learned how to build
and program their own robots. Students also liked the professor, whom they thought was very
approachable and willing to help with any questions they had. Many students thought that the course
was almost too easy and would have liked more challenging assignments and materials. Others thought
that the labs were unbalanced, since some would take a long time to complete, while others required
very little time. Students suggested making it a requirement to have basic programming skills before
taking the class so that the course could introduce more challenging materials. Prospective students
would benefit from a background in programming, although it is not required. They are encouraged to
take this course if they are interested in designing and building their own robots, as many students
found the course very fun and engaging.
EN.530.425.01
Mechanics of Flight
Kerri Phillips
Overall quality of the class: 4.34
Summary:
The professor was one of the best aspects of this course, as students believed she genuinely cared about
her students understanding the materials. Students found the course was an excellent introduction to
aerospace topics, and found the topics and materials very interesting. In fact, many students wished
that the course had gone more in-depth and delved into more challenging concepts, and that the pace
was a bit faster. They also thought that the textbook was note very good, as it lacked depth and had
errors throughout. They suggested using a better textbook, as well as more multimedia materials to
supplement some of the concepts, such as more time with flight simulations. Students also wished
they'd learned about things like helicopters, visited local museums to see some real-world examples of
concepts discussed in class, and worked on more mathematical modeling. This course is highly
recommended to any students with an interest in aerospace. Students do not need a background in
airplanes, but physics knowledge will be useful, and students must be able to stay on top of the
materials.
EN.530.445.01
Introduction to Biomechanics
Stephen Belkoff
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
210
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Summary:
The fascinating materials and the variety of topics were some of the best aspects of this course.
Students loved the professor's lectures and thought that the guest lecturers all had a lot of valuable
information about their particular fields. Students did feel a disconnect between the lectures and the
homework, and wished that the math tested in the homework was discussed during the lectures.
Students also suggested including more guest lecturers to the schedule, and providing outlines of the
lectures so that they knew which information was most important. Prospective students will find that
knowing physics, statistics, and MATLAB would be very helpful, but it is not required. The course is
highly recommended to anyone interested in the biomechanics field.
EN.530.451.01
Cell & Tissue Engineering Laboratory
Eileen Haase, Jeff Wang
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.454.01
Manufacturing Engineering
Yury Ronzhes
Overall quality of the class: 3.66
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the field trips to manufacturing plants
and the hands-on labs that relate directly to the concepts covered in the lecture. Students also liked
how the lectures, homework, and exams all covered the same materials, so it was easy to learn and
apply the concepts covered in class. Students thought that the course was a bit too easy, however, and
wished that the content had been explored in more depth. Students also found that there was no
incentive to go to the lectures, since everything was open-book. Suggestions for improvement included
providing more consistent guidelines for the labs, and providing incentives to get people to come to the
lectures, such as a stricter attendance policy or more class discussions. Prospective students will find this
course to be a good introduction to manufacturing engineering and learn a lot if they attend the
lectures. The workload is light and the content is relatively easy, but students can always get the help
they need if they ask.
EN.530.485.01
Physics and Feedback in Living Systems
Noah Cowan
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.495.01
Microfabrication Laboratory
Andreas Andreou, Jeff Wang
211
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 3.30
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.603.01
Applied Optimal Control
Marin Kobilarov
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Students praised this course for being well organized and covering useful material. Issues with the
course varied, with one student wishing the course had more assignments or methods of assessing
students' knowledge of the course material. Suggestions for improvement included providing additional
resources such as tutorial sessions or assignments such as homework or projects. Such work would
provide additional ways to help students master the material. Prospective students should know that
the course required a background in linear systems, statistics, and linear algebra as well as knowledge of
MATLAB.
EN.530.605.01
Mechanics of Solids and Materials
Thao Nguyen
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Students praised this course for clearly and effectively presenting complicated topics to students.
Students also found the course's textbook useful. Some students found that the course's examinations
included material that wasn't covered in class or on homework assignments. Students suggested
increasing the number of assignments while cutting down the time each assignment would take to
complete. Prospective students should know that the course required a strong math background and
that a good comprehension of basic structural mechanics was required.
EN.530.621.01
Fluid Dynamics I
Andrea Prosperetti
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
Students praised this course for covering a challenging and interesting subject. Issues with the course
varied with some students saying the instructor's lessons could at times be ambiguous or hard to follow.
Other students found the instructor could at times be intimidating to students. Suggestions for
improvement included having the instructor provide more examples to students on how to complete
problems during lectures. Prospective students should know that students found the course challenging
with a heavy workload. Student also found that a strong background in math was helpful for success in
the course.
212
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.625.01
Turbulence
Charles Meneveau
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
Students felt this course for provided an excellent introduction to Turbulence theory. However, some
students found that homework assignments didn't test or ensure comprehension of course material.
Suggestions for improvement varied, although some students expressed interest in the course diving
deeper into some topics. Prospective students should know that a strong background in fluids was
helpful in succeeding in the course.
EN.530.632.01
Convection
Charles Meneveau
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.637.01
Energy and the Environment
Cila Herman
Overall quality of the class: 3.62
Summary:
Students praised this course for taking a "bigger picture view of energy" by examining the different
methods of producing and consuming power on a global scale. In addition, students liked the hands-on
group activities. Still, some students thought that lectures could be monotonous or boring. Suggestions
for improvement included a desire to restructure the course and to increase the number of interactive
activities. Prospective students should know that the course had a light workload and didn't require any
background knowledge.
EN.530.642.01
Plasticity
Jaafar El-Awady
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
Students praised this course for having a knowledgeable instructor, who covered a variety of topics
related to plasticity. However, some students disliked that the course didn't go into greater depth into
some of the various topics that were touched upon in the lecture. Suggestions for improvement
included adopting a single textbook that would correspond with lecture topics. Prospective students
should know that a strong background in continuum mechanics was helpful for success in this course.
213
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.646.01
Robot Devices, Kinematics, Dynamics, and Control
Louis Whitcomb
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.653.01
Advanced Systems Modeling
Gregory Chirikjian
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
Students praised this course for covering interesting material, although some students found the
lectures disorganized and hard to follow. Suggestions for improvement included a desire from several
students that the course's area of study be focused by eliminating certain topics. Prospective students
should know that students found that a background in calculus was helpful for success in the course.
EN.530.661.01
Applied Mathematics for Engineering
Markus Hilpert
Overall quality of the class: 3.98
Summary:
Students praised this course for providing a comprehensive review of the math students would need to
know for engineering. They felt that the instructor provided simple and clear explanations of concepts
and in-class exercises. There were some complaints, though; some students found the course's pace was
unbalanced, where some topics were covered in depth while other, more challenging concepts were
barely discussed. Most students suggested creating a more even pace to the class, and some students
wanted the instructor to provide additional examples for the harder topics. Prospective students should
know that the course is math intensive, so consistent and regular studying was important.
EN.530.767.01
Computational Fluid Dynamics
Rajat Mittal
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.772.01
Non-Linear Finite Elements
Somnath Ghosh
214
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
215
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
MILITARY SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.374.101.01-02
Leadership and Management I
Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4. 13
Summary:
Students found the discussions to be the best aspect of this course. The professor was very
approachable and knowledgeable. However, students felt that there was a disconnect between the
homework, what was taught in class, and what was on the exams. Suggestions included providing more
structure to the course with a more cohesive syllabus, including additional group projects and
interactive elements during discussions. Prospective students would benefit from ROTC experience or
plan to enlist in the military.
AS.374.110.01
Basic Leadership Laboratory I
Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students found that the very hands-on nature of this course was its best aspect. They felt challenged
and that the exercises provided real-world experience. However, some of the students felt the course
was very fast paced, and that some of the labs lacked the equipment to allow equal participation.
Suggestions included providing freshmen with more leadership opportunities, as well as extending the
class to fit in all of the materials. Prospective students should be enrolled or planning to enroll in ROTC,
and willing to put forth a serious effort.
AS.374.201.01-02
Leadership & Teamwork I
Joyce Louden, Shane Seay, Jeffery Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
216
MILITARY SCIENCE
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.210.01
Basic Team Leadership
Matthew Dusablon, Shane Seay, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.301.01-02
Leadership and Tactical Theory I
Bart Sime, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.307.01
Leadership in Military History
Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.310.01
Basic Tactical Leadership Lab
Bart Sime, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.401.01
Adaptive Leadership
Paul Carroll, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.410.01
Advanced Planning & Decision Making I
Paul Carroll, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
217
MILITARY SCIENCE
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
218
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
MUSEUM AND SOCIETY PROGRAMS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.389.201.01
Introduction to the Museum: Past and Present
Elizabeth Rodini
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Students thought that the reading materials, the class discussions, and the lectures were some of the
best aspects of this course. They found the information interesting, and the professor very
knowledgeable. At times, however, they found the workload heavy, and some of the materials were
difficult to get through. Other students found the course to be very detail-oriented, from the complexity
of the exams to the high grading standards. Suggestions for improvement include fewer readings, and
spending more time reviewing materials for the exams, as well as a study guide. Prospective students
are encouraged to take detailed notes and to stay on top of the reading. Students should have good
memorization skills and be good with details.
AS.389.205.01
Examining Archaeological Objects
Sanchita Balahandran
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
Students loved the hands-on aspect of this course. They felt that interactive activities and the real-world
experience provided excellent opportunities to learn and understand core concepts. However, many
students found the readings to be dense and repetitive, while others wished there was more time.
Suggestions for improvement included having shorter, more frequent lectures with materials readily
available online. Prospective students should have some knowledge in the subject to better place the
objects into context. Students should also be willing to make museum trips in their own time and have a
genuine interest in history.
AS.389.261.01
Curating Homewood: Trades and Training in Early Baltimore
219
MUSEUM AND SOCIETY PROGRAMS
Catherine Arthur
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Students found the best aspects of this course to be the hands-on approach to curating an exhibit. They
loved that at the end of the semester there was a physical, completed exhibit, and that the class was
small enough that everyone got to contribute some part to the finished product. However, students did
find the course to be a little disorganized at times. They recommended updating the syllabus with a new
and more rigorous schedule to help coordinate the group deadlines and goals. Prospective students do
not need experience in curating exhibits, but should be highly motivated and willing to work hard.
AS.389.349.01
Art, Museums, and the Law
Walter Lehmann
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
Students thought that the small class size and the fascinating subject were some of the best aspects of
this course. The professor offered a unique view, and discussions were lively and engaging. There were
times, that students thought that the lectures could drag a bit and that the readings were a bit long.
Students suggested that the professor limit his use of PowerPoint slides and increase the time spent
discussing the readings and case studies. Students also wanted a bit more direction on the assignments
at the beginning; although they found the feedback and advice they received helped them improve. Any
prospective students should have an interest in the subject and be willing to be an active participant in
group discussions.
AS.389.356.01
Art, Science, and Literature in the Age of the Marvelous, I
Earle Havens
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
Students found that the professor was the best aspect of this course. He was passionate about the
material, actively engaged students during the discussions, and genuinely cared about seeing students
succeed. The students had very few complaints, although they did wish they received more feedback on
their works. They suggested a faster and more in-depth turnaround for feedback to help them improve
their presentations and papers. Students highly recommended this class to anyone with an interest in
the subject. Prospective students should also be prepared to read extensively and to spend ample time
preparing and writing the final paper.
220
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.376.111.01-02
Rudiments of Music Theory and Musicianship
John Crouch
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course were the relaxed class atmosphere and the light
workload each week. Although many students found that the course provided the basics of music
theory, several students felt that they needed to look to outside sources to get additional information.
Students suggested that getting the class more involved during the lecture and increasing the listening
exercises would make it easier to learn the materials. Prospective students do not need any musical
background, but knowing an instrument is a plus. Students should allow several hours to complete the
homework assignments.
AS.376.111.03
Rudiments of Music Theory and Musicianship
Michael Rickelton
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the breadth of the materials covered, as well as the engaging
class discussions. Students enjoyed the subject and found the in-class exercises to be very helpful when
learning the theories. The work was sometimes tedious and students complained that the homework
and the classwork could be repetitive. They suggested improvements such as additional ear-training
exercises and listening activities. Prospective students who are musicians will especially benefit from
this course but anyone with an interest in music theory will be able to do well.
AS.376.211.01
Music Theory I
Travis Hardaway
221
MUSIC
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
Students felt that the course topic and materials were the best aspects of this course. They found the
course to be exciting, interesting and helpful in improving their musical skills. There were few
complaints, although many students felt that there could have been more exercises or trainings over the
duration of the course. Suggestions for improvement included making the class a little more interactive
by increasing the activities and exercises during discussions. Students recommended that prospective
students should be willing to put an effort into the homework and class exercises and not to worry if
they do not have prior music theory experience, which is helpful but not required.
AS.376.211.02
Music Theory I
Stephen Stone
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Students found the professor's willingness to help them succeed to be one of the best aspects of this
course. The feedback they received on assignments and the effective teaching approach made it very
easy for students to learn and understand the concepts. Some students wished there were more
listening examples, either live or prerecorded. They suggested that the course could be improved with
more listening examples and exercises, as well as practice materials. Prospective students who have a
basic grasp of music theory will have an advantage but students without this knowledge can still find the
course to be a challenging but fun experience.
AS.376.212.01
Music Theory and Musicianship II
John Crouch
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relaxed class atmosphere and the professor's very engaging
manner. Students liked the listening examples and felt that the professor was very passionate about the
subject. Many students complained that the lectures were taught straight out of the book, and that at
times the class went by too quickly for them to follow. Suggestions for improvement included adding
more activities and practice analyses during the class to help students struggling with some of the skills.
Students also wanted the professor to put down the book and lecture from memory, or intersperse the
lesson with more discussion. Prospective students will find this an entertaining, if slightly challenging
course that will teach them the basics of music theory.
AS.376.217.01
Music Theory III: Song
Michael Rickelton
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
222
MUSIC
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course were the breadth and depth of the music covered.
Students liked the listening activities, and thought that the professor's teaching methods helped them
understand and appreciate the music. Several students felt that the course needed more modern music,
and that the papers could have used more explanation in terms of topics and due dates. Students
suggested offering more of a choice in the songs that were covered, as well as creating a syllabus with a
more concrete guide to papers. Prospective students should have a firm grasp of the concepts taught in
Music Theory I and II. Students should also be prepared to write several papers over the course of the
semester.
AS.376.242.01
Introduction to Popular Music
Ruby Fulton, David Smooke, Stephen Stone
Overall quality of the class: 4.76
Summary:
Students absolutely loved the lectures and subject matter of this course. They felt the professor was
personable and knowledgeable, and that he helped make the course engaging and entertaining. Some
students thought that the weekly listening quizzes were challenging, and that they tested memorization
more than comprehension. Students suggested that the listening quizzes be shortened or removed, and
that it would be helpful to have the quiz content match the lecture of that week. Prospective students
need a good ear to distinguish different music styles and should be good at memorization.
AS.376.242.02-03
Introduction to Popular Music
David Smooke, Stephen Stone
Overall quality of the class: 4.76
Summary:
Students found the best aspects of this course to be the laidback and inviting atmosphere of the class.
They felt that the professor really helped make the course entertaining, and had a lot of fun learning the
interesting subject matter. Many students found the listening quizzes and the amount of materials they
had to memorize each week to be excessive. Students suggested cutting down the list of songs to
memorize and felt that less emphasis on the quizzes would be helpful. Prospective students should be
prepared for extensive memorization but an overall enjoyable class experience.
AS.376.250.01
Introduction to Computer Music
Samuel Burt
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the hands-on approach to learning the
materials and getting a chance to create their own compositions. They liked the tutorials and the insight
into the field of computer music. Students felt that the readings were disconnected from the content
223
MUSIC
taught in the lectures and that some of the music theory aspects could be daunting for students without
a musical background. Students suggested spending more time relating what was read to what was
taught during the lecture and thought that more opportunities for compositions and additional music
activities would be very helpful. Prospective students would benefit from a background in music or
programming but neither is required to get the most out of this course.
AS.376.252.01
Jazz History
Alexander Norris
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
Students loved the listening aspects of this course and felt that the best aspects included the in-depth
analysis of the music's history and the professor's passion and knowledge about the subject. Students
felt that the lectures could be a bit long and that more emphasis could be placed on jazz music itself.
Students suggested that the class be broken into two shorter sessions to help students focus on key
concepts of the material. Prospective students should have an interest in jazz or music history and do
not need a background in music or history to get a lot out of the course.
AS.376.303.01
Musical Theater from Aristophanes to Leonard Bernstein
Susan Weiss
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspect of this course was the professor, whose passion for musical theater
and enthusiasm to teach made the class engaging and entertaining. Students found the guest lecturers
very interesting as well and loved the energy of the class. Some students thought that the readings were
long or disconnected from the lectures and that the course could be a little disorganized at times.
Suggestions for improvement included shortening or removing the reading exercises, or spending more
time making the materials relevant. Students also would have liked to have started working on the final
performance assignment earlier in the class to have more time to prepare. Prospective students only
need a love for musical theater and should prepare for ample but doable reading assignments.
AS.376.371.01
Topics in Music Cognition I
Monica Lopez-Gonzalez
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the engaging class discussions and the
interesting material covered over the semester. Students thought that the class could be disorganized
and that the quizzes did not seem to follow a consistent format. Suggestions for improvement included
creating a more structured curriculum to follow during class and changing the quiz format to be more
consistently structured. Students also thought that having the course a few times a week would have
224
MUSIC
helped break up some of the longer classes. Prospective students should be prepared to be actively
engage in class discussions and to complete the readings before each class.
225
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.670.615.01
Introduction to NanoBio Tutorial
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.670.619.01
Fundamental Physics and Chemistry of Nanomaterials
Michael Bevan, Chia Ling Chen, Nina Markovic, John McCaffery, Peter Searson, Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 3.21
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that it allowed students to explore a broad range of topics with
experts in the field. However, many students felt that the course was disorganized and disjointed.
Students also thought that some instructors spoke on their subjects at a basic level, while others
assumed students had a higher level of understanding of various fields. Students suggested having a
greater cohesion between teaching styles, either by having better communication between the various
speakers or by cutting down the number of speakers. Prospective students should know that having a
background in chemistry, physics and biology was helpful for success in the class.
EN.670.625.01
NanoBio Tutorials: Special Topics
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.670.629.01
Cancer Nanotechnology Training Center (CNTC) Tutorial
226
NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
227
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.130.102.01
From Neanderthals to the Neolithic
Susan McCarter
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students found that the best aspect of this course was the professor's passion for the subject and her
ability to engage students during the lectures. Many students also liked the field trip to the Smithsonian
Museum for one of the assignments, although some students had difficulty getting there. Several
students also felt that the readings were long or repetitive, so they suggested adding more variety to the
reading list and posting the lecture slides online to help students study. Prospective students do not
need to have background knowledge, but they should be willing to do the readings and take detailed
notes during the lectures.
AS.130.107.01
Freshman Seminar- BIG: Monumental Buildings and Sculpture in Antiquity
James Osborne
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was a professor who was committed to making the information
interesting and accessible to students. Lectures and discussions were found to be very engaging and fun,
and many students found the work to be rewarding. However, several students found that the readings
were long and repetitive, so suggestions included providing shorter and more diverse materials to read.
Students highly recommended this course to anyone with an interest in art history, architecture, or
archaeology. Prospective students should be prepared for intense reading and writing assignments and
are encouraged to ask questions throughout the lecture.
AS.130.110.01
Introduction to Archeology
Glenn Schwartz
228
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
Students found the best aspect of this course to be the professor, who made the lectures interesting
and relevant with real-world examples. Many students enjoyed the depth and breadth of the course,
and appreciated the professor's professional experiences in the field. The course lacked engagement,
however, as there was no discussion, and many students felt that the assignments required excessive
amounts of work. Suggestions for improvement included splitting the lecture into two periods to allow
more time for discussion, which would give students a chance to ask more questions and become more
engaged in the materials. Prospective students do not need background knowledge of the subject, but
they should be prepared to take notes during the lecture, and attend every class.
AS.130.135.01
Pyramids, Temples, and Tombs
Betsy Bryan
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
Students loved how knowledgeable and passionate their professor was, and how she made the
materials interesting and engaging, using her professional experience to provide examples and liven up
the lectures. Many students found the reading assignments to be very informative as well, and were
impressed with how much material they covered over the semester. Some students were unhappy that
they were unable to get through all of the information on the syllabus. There were few suggestions for
improvement, which included posting lecture notes before the lectures and staying as close to the
course curriculum as possible. Students felt that anyone with interest in Egyptology should consider this
course. Prospective students should dedicate time for the readings and for relatively light writing
assignments.
AS.130.140.01
Hebrew Bible/ Old Testament
Theodore Lewis
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
Students found that the professor's down-to-Earth nature and enthusiastic passion for the materials
were the best aspects of this course. They felt comfortable posing questions and asking for help, and
found his lectures to be very engaging and enlightening. Several of the students thought he went a bit
quickly through the lectures and felt that the minute details they were expected to remember was a bit
daunting. Suggestions for improvement included making the lecture slides available, perhaps online, and
a bit of direction as to what information they should focus on. Other students also thought that the
research paper on top of the intense exams was very difficult to complete, so they suggested either
getting rid of the paper, cutting out one of the exams or shortening the length of both the exam and the
paper. Prospective students do not need to know the material going into the class to understand the
materials. They should be able to keep up with the readings and work on their paper throughout the
semester.
229
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
AS.130.201.01
Cleopatra
Richard Jasnow
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was having a small class size, which made learning about this historical
figure seem more intimate to the students. They found the breadth of materials relating to Cleopatra to
be interesting and surprising, however, several students noted that the lectures were dry and lengthy.
They suggested making the lectures more interactive by allowing students to discuss the readings and
their own responses to the materials. Students also thought that the research paper was long and an
ineffective way to test knowledge, so they suggested either shortening the paper or creating multiple
short writing assignments over the course of the semester. Prospective students should be able to
complete a 20 page, 1.5 spaced paper by the end of the semester.
AS.130.212.01
The Archeology of Death, Burial, and the Human Skeleton
Christopher Brinker
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the topic, which students found to be fascinating and intriguing. The
professor actively engaged students and pulled in information from different fields of study to give
unique perspectives to the lectures. In general, students liked the readings, although many found them
to be repetitive and lengthy. Suggestions for improvement included removing some of the readings from
the list and narrowing the focus of selected assignments so that more time could be spent delving
deeper into the materials. Prospective students should be prepared to read extensively, but do not need
a background in archaeology to enjoy this course.
AS.130.255.01
From Feast to Famine in the Ancient World
Adam Maskevich
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course were the enthusiastic professor and the way he
made lectures engaging for the class. Students liked the encouraged participation in the discussions, and
felt that the variety of teaching methods used in the class were very effective to learning the materials.
A few of the students thought that the initial background lectures were a bit dense and repetitive, so
they suggested saving that content for later in the semester, when it came up again. Students also
wanted to see more discussion sessions and talks about the readings. Prospective students do not need
any knowledge of archaeology, but they should go to class prepared to discuss what they're read.
AS.130.312.01
230
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
Ancient Medicine
P McCarter
Overall quality of the class: 3.10
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the interesting subject matter and the
very light workload. However, many felt that the lectures were dull, lengthy, and repetitive. Students
suggested the professor break up the lectures with visual aids and handouts with information, and that
he spent some of the time engaging the class with interactive discussions. Students also thought that
more in-class exercises or homework assignments would have been beneficial to help them learn the
material. Prospective students should be able to take notes and study effectively to do well in this
course.
AS.130.331.01
Sex, Drugs, and Rock & Roll in Ancient Egypt
Betsy Bryan
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Apart from the very enthusiastic and knowledgeable professor, students felt that the best aspects of this
course included the way the readings were handled. They appreciated having one students assigned to a
reading to present to the class, as this made the heavy reading load easier to handle. They suggested,
however, that the professor spend more time lecturing on the materials, although they also hoped for
in-class presentations. Prospective students will find any knowledge of Egyptian history helpful but not
required. Attending each lecture and completing the readings will ensure that you get the most out of
this course.
AS.130.353.01
Space Archaeology: An Introduction to Satellite Remote Sensing, GIS, and GP
Michael Harrower
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.130.371.01
Ritual and Magic in Ancient Egypt
Meredith Fraser
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
231
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
NEUROSCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.080.105.01
An Introduction to Neuroscience
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the class: 4.61
Summary:
Students found that the best aspect of this course was the very knowledgeable, very personable
professor. He made the lectures engaging and interesting, answering every question and helping
students understand difficult the concepts. Some students thought that the lectures could get rushed in
order to fit all of the material in and disliked that their grades depended on how well they did on the
exam. They suggested adding homework assignments to allow more opportunities to boost their grades
and thought that either longer lectures or an additional day would help them cover all of the materials.
Prospective students should be prepared to take notes, study hard, and attend every lecture. They
should be willing to ask questions and have an interest in neuroscience.
AS.080.250.01-03
Neuroscience Laboratory
Linda Gorman, Jason Trageser
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
Students loved the hands-on labs that allowed them to dissect and study parts of the brain, which they
felt was the best aspect of this course. They thought the low-key lab work and felt that they really
learned the materials well. Many students wished there were more opportunities to earn a grade
instead of simply relying on three memorization-based exams. Suggestions for improvement included
providing structured study sheets before each exam, and giving additional assignments to help boost
grades. Students also wanted to perform more dissections, which they felt were very helpful in learning
the materials. Prospective students are advised that the work in these labs is challenging but interesting,
and that students should be willing to study hard before each exam.
AS.080.305.01
232
NEUROSCIENCE
The Nervous System I
Stewart Hendry, Haiqing Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was Dr. Hendry, whom students felt went above and beyond expectations
to help them succeed. They found his lectures to be very engaging, the material to be very interesting,
and the tests to test understanding rather than memorization. Students loved the availability of the
professor throughout the semester, especially the Saturday review sessions. However, many students
felt that Dr. Zhao's lectures were a bit difficult to follow, and that the overwhelming amount of material
to study made it difficult to prepare for each exam. Suggestions included adding in more study sessions,
recording and then posting the lectures online, and assigning homework to allow for additional grade
opportunities. Prospective students should be prepared for challenging but rewarding work and be
willing to commit a lot of time and thought into this course.
AS.080.308.01
Neuroeconomics
Jason Trageser
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the very interesting materials and the professor's way of blending
neuroscience and economics together. Students found themselves refreshingly challenged and thought
that the entire course was full of interesting concepts. However, they found the lectures sometimes
difficult to follow, and that the exams focused on memorization rather than comprehension.
Suggestions for improvement included making the lectures more interactive through the use of clicker
questions and visual aids. Other students suggested improving the slides with more information and
visual aids, and wanted homework assignments to help their grades. Prospective students should be
prepared for difficult but fairly graded exams. The course is recommended for anyone who has an
interest in neuroscience, economics or both.
AS.080.310.01
Synaptic Function and Plasticity
Alfredo Kirkwood, Hey-Kyoung Lee
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professors who were both experts in their field, and who
brought that passion for the subject into the classroom. Students found both to be very engaging, and
the materials to be very intellectually stimulating. They felt that the information on the PowerPoint
slides was a bit sparse. Suggestions included adding additional content to the slides, and posting more
information online to help students study. Prospective students should be aware that most of the work
involves studying for the exams but that they should actively participate and ask questions.
AS.080.330.01
233
NEUROSCIENCE
Brain Injury & Recovery
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.68
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the cutting-edge topics covered in class,
as well as the freedom to investigate areas of research that interested them. Students wished that the
course had been more interactive and felt that the due dates for assignments were sporadic and
unpredictable. Suggestions for improvement included splitting the class into smaller sections to better
allow for discussions and interactions between peers. Students also thought that assignments should be
spread out over the semester to balance out the workload. Prospective students should have a firm
background in neuroscience and be prepared to read and write extensively. Students should be self-
motivated to investigate the latest studies in the field, and be prepared to present what they find.
AS.080.345.01
Great Discoveries in Neuroscience
Jay Baraban
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material covered over the semester, as well as
learning how to read and analyze science papers. Students liked having weekly quizzes, and felt that the
lectures helped aid comprehension. However, student disliked the student presentations, and felt that
some of the quiz questions were disconnected from the lecture material. Students suggested that the
professor provide feedback on the presentations, and that the exams covered more of the material
covered in the course. Prospective students should have a firm understanding of neuroscience, and be
highly interested in the field. The class will be a challenging but rewarding experience.
AS.080.355.01
Visual System
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the class: 4.81
Summary:
Students found the best aspect of this course to be the challenging but intriguing materials covered in
class. The professor's passion and knowledge of the subject made the lectures highly engaging, and the
depth into each topic ensured that students understood the intricacies and nuances of the subject.
Students found that this knowledge was tested in an unbalanced manner and that exams did not cover
equal amounts of the information. Suggestions for improvement included shifting some of the exams in
the schedule to lighten the material covered in the last exam. Any prospective students are advised that
this is a reading-intensive course and that it is important to review all of the materials online in addition
to the homework assignments. The class is stimulating and rewarding for any with an interest in
neuroscience.
AS.080.360.01
234
NEUROSCIENCE
Diseases & Disorders of the Nervous System
Stewart Hendry, Guy Mckhann
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
Students agreed that the best aspects of this course were the many guest lecturers who were experts in
their fields. Students found it very helpful to be able to ask these experts direct questions and loved
learning about the cutting-edge research these doctors were involved in. Students found that having so
many different lecturers made the course feel somewhat disjointed since there was no common thread
or relation tying each lecture to the next. Suggestions for improvement included organizing the lectures
by topic or field, and recording the lectures to make them available online. Students also felt that
overlapping or connecting the lectures with a common thread would have made the course more
cohesive. Prospective students should be prepared for a very difficult but rewarding and stimulating
class.
AS.080.401.01-02
Research Practicum: KEEN (Kids Enjoying Exercise Now)
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.92
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was being able to work with kids in a friendly learning environment.
Students loved getting to interact with the children in a creative and instructive manner. Students
thought that the course could have been better organized, particularly the driving schedule. Students
often arrived too early and the driver's arrival was not always consistent. Students suggested
incorporating an emergency contact system to let people know about delays or traffic conditions.
Prospective students should be energetic, enthusiastic, good with kids and ready to have fun.
235
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
PHILOSOPHY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.150.111.01-02
Philosophic Classics
Dean Moyar
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
Students praised this class for the sheer volume of Philosophical material that is covered and discussed
in the class. Some added that it changed the way they viewed the world and conflict. However, some
students also found that some of the material could be "abstract" or "dense" with one student saying,
"it's easy to get lost if you don't pay attention." Suggestions for improvement included increasing the
amount of in-class discussions of readings and philosophical concepts. Prospective students should
know that students had to read non-fiction texts in depth and that it covered "a lot of philosophers in a
short period."
AS.150.113.01
Objectivity
Nicholas Goldberg
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
Students praised this course for being "interesting" and "thought provoking." Most students felt that
the three-hour class was too long and that it should either be "split into two times" or rescheduled to a
point during the day where students' energy would be higher. Suggestions for improvement included
increasing the number of weekly classes and having teacher-prepared questions to guide the in- class
conversation. Prospective students should know that the class was reading intensive and somewhat
"demanding" but was intellectually rewarding.
AS.150.127.01
Realism and Antirealism in the Philosophy of Science
Jonathon Hricko
236
PHILOSOPHY
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
Students in this course broadly praised the instructor's "straightforward and clear teaching style" as well
as the in-class discussion aspect of this course. Some students felt the material could be difficult to
comprehend, with one person saying, "[the] difficulty of the material is not for everybody." Suggestions
for improvement included increasing the class discussions, as well as adding greater focus or structure
to the talks. Prospective students should know that students found that the class was a great way to pull
students into philosophy and the instructor fostered "fun and engaging classes."
AS.150.191.01
Freshman Seminar: Ethical Topics in Plato
L Nandi Theunissen
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students broadly praised the course's instructor as well as the course's small class size which allowed for
interesting class discussions. Some students felt that there was too much reading, and that some of it
was too dense for the class. Students had few suggestions for improvement, although some asked for
more time for group discussions. Prospective students should know that students found that the course
was a good choice even for students who weren't pursuing a degree in Philosophy. Students also found
that the course was a good introduction to Philosophy "in a non-intimidating atmosphere."
AS.150.192.01
Freshman Seminar: Self and Self-Knowledge
Meredith Williams
Overall quality of the class: 3.18
Summary:
Students praised this course's small class size and the fact that it allowed student to "discuss readings in
a small intimate environment." Some students felt that the course had too much assigned reading some
of which was dense to the point where it was "hard to grasp what point the philosophers were trying to
make." Suggestions for improvement included finding more ways to engage students in discussions,
such as posing questions to them. Prospective students should know that students found the course
interesting but that the course did include dense readings, required note taking, and needed "complex
thinking."
AS.150.193.01
Philosophy of Language Seminar: Proper Names and Definite Descriptions
Justin Bledin
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students praised this class for having interesting reading materials that lead to entertaining and
interactive class discussions. Some students felt the readings were too dense and difficult, which made it
237
PHILOSOPHY
"tough to follow along with the different ideas." Students had few suggestions for improvement
although some students felt the class would benefit if students could be made to participate more.
Prospective students should know that students found that coursework wasn't overly demanding and
the subject matter was interesting.
AS.150.201.01; 03
Introduction to Greek Philosophy
Richard Bett
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
Students praised this course for focusing on an "interesting subject area" and multiple students praised
the instructor's teaching style. However, some students felt that the coursework didn't prepare them
for examinations. Suggestions for improvement varied; some students felt the class would have been
improved if there were more opportunities for in-class discussions involving the professor. Prospective
students should know that students found that the class didn't require any prior knowledge of
philosophy. Students should complete the reading assignments and take notes in order to be successful.
AS.150.203.01
Contemporary Metaphysics
John Brandau
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
Students praised this class which focused on a very interesting topic and for combined a mixture of old
and contemporary readings. Some students thought the instructor's lecture could drag on too long and
take away time from group discussion. Suggestions for improvement included holding more class
discussions about the readings and lecture topics. Prospective students should know that students
found this course an interesting class with a lot of reading some of which was "confusing at first" but
made more sense as students worked on it.
AS.150.219.01-12
Introduction to Bioethics
Hilary Bok
Overall quality of the class: 3.39
Summary:
Students praised this course as covering an interesting and "thought-provoking" topic. Some students
thought lectures weren't as helpful as they could be, feeling the talks varied from "boring" to lacking
depth. Suggestions for improvement varied with most students desiring an overhaul to the class'
lectures either by adding in greater interactivity to using more real-life examples. Prospective students
should know that students found the classes had a lot of readings and writing assignments, and that
some background in philosophy would be helpful.
AS.150.235.01-04
238
PHILOSOPHY
Philosophy of Religion
Steven Gross
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
Students praised the instructor, whom was described as "entertaining" and "hilarious." They also loved
learning about a variety of philosophers and their thoughts on religion. Some students thought that
lectures could be a bit disorganized and could use a firmer structure. Other students felt the course was
too focused on the Judeo-Christian understanding of God. Suggestions for improvement included having
a more concrete syllabus for the course and schedule for the course. Prospective students should know
that students found that the class was more of a study of the concept of religion rather than a
comparison of multiple religions.
AS.150.245.01-04
Introduction to Philosophy of Mind
Meredith Williams
Overall quality of the class: 2.76
Summary:
Students praised this course for having an interesting subject matter, although multiple students
thought the instructor's lectures were either "boring" or "disjointed." Students also said the class
sometimes ran over its assigned time as the instructor hadn't finished the class' lecture. Suggestions for
improvement included finding more interactive or interesting way to engage students during class.
Prospective students should know that student found the class challenging with dense reading
assignments. Multiple students also found the course's teaching assistants useful for succeeding in the
course.
AS.150.304.01
The Ethics of Human Experimentation
Joseph Ali
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
Students praised this course for having a reasonable workload and for sparking thought-provoking
discussions. However, some students felt the lectures could get a bit dry and repetitive. Suggestions for
improvement included more assignments which would allow student to get a better feel for how well
they were learning the material. Prospective students should know that students found the course was
intellectually stimulating but inviting to students who were new to the subject of ethics.
AS.150.420.01
Mathematical Logic I
Robert Rynasiewicz
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
239
PHILOSOPHY
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.150.439.01
Epistemology
Peter Achinstein
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
Students praised the course for having an interesting subject matter and for having an engaging and
approachable instructor. Multiple students thought that the instructor failed to clearly express what was
expected of students to be successful, and that there was an issue with a lack of feedback. Suggestions
to improve the course varied. Some students wished for more graded assignments while others asked
for clearer expectations on their assignments. Prospective students should know that students found
the course challenging and recommended students have some background in Philosophy or similar
courses.
AS.150.476.01
Philosophy and Cognitive Science
Jonathan Flombaum, Steven Gross
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students praised this course for its "conversational-style lectures" on an interesting topic. Some
students thought the class discussions were disorganized and conversation tended to go on tangents.
Suggestions for improvement included adding additional structure to the course as well as addressing
additional topics during the course. Prospective students should know that the course is described as a
difficult class that required hard work, but one that was worth the effort.
AS.150.494.01
Descartes
Yitzhak Melamed
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.150.496.01
Topics in the Theory of Value
L Nandi Theunissen
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.150.498.01
Modal Logic and its Applications
240
PHILOSOPHY
Justin Bledin
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
241
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.171.101.01-10
General Physics: Physical Science Major I
David Neufeld
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the professor and his interactive lectures
and demonstrations, as they found him to be knowledgeable and interesting. Students also liked the
prelectures and the ready availability of materials online and the relatively light workload. Students also
disliked the textbook, SmartPhysics, which they found lacked substantial explanation of core concepts.
Suggestions for improvement included adding additional content to the lectures to make them more
interesting and useful to attend. Students also believed that the course could use more math problems
and applied formulaic equations to show comprehension rather than memorization of the materials.
Prospective students should have background knowledge in Physics as many of the concepts are not
reviewed in class, and should be prepared to complete a fair amount of memorization.
AS.171.102.01-05
General Physics: Physical Science Majors II
Petar Maksimovic
Overall quality of the class: 4.02
Summary:
Students found this course to be extremely challenging but rewarding. The lectures and demonstrations
were some of the best aspects of this course, as the professor broke down the difficult concepts into
parts that were easier to understand. Despite this, many of the students found the work to be very
challenging, often due to the amount of work they needed to complete each week. They found that the
concepts were also very challenging, and that they did not have enough time to absorb and understand
everything that was taught. Students suggested lightening the workload and spending more time going
over the concepts to ensure that everyone understood the material. Prospective students should be
aware of the very heavy workload. They should also utilize the resources they have and speak to the
242
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
professor if they have any questions about the material, as the professor goes above and beyond what is
expected to help students study and succeed.
AS.171.103.01-10
General Physics I for Biological Science Majors
David Kaplan
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor, whom students found entertaining and
knowledgeable, as well as the in-class demonstrations, which they found informative. However, many
students believed that the homework and in-class exercises did not prepare them for the complexity of
the questions on the exams, and that the exams themselves did not reflect their understanding of the
subject matter. Students scored significantly poor marks, and only the extreme grade curve allowed the
class to pass. Suggestions for improvement included lightening the workload and making the exam
questions more similar to the reviews, homework, and class exercises. Students thought this might be
achieved if the professor wrote the problems and did not use the examples from the book. Prospective
students should be aware of the heavy work load, and always go to lecture. They should also take
advantage of the professor's office hours and email, as he was willing and ready to assist them with any
questions they might have.
AS.171.105.01-02
Classical Mechanics I
Norman Armitage
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
Summary:
Students found that some of the best aspects of this course involved the demonstrations during the
lecture. The professor was willing to discuss the challenging concepts with students, and was available
to meet with students. Unfortunately, many of the students found that the lectures were vague at
times, and that the homework did not always correspond to the content on the exams. Students suggest
providing more practice exam questions, and providing more in-depth examples for some of the
complex concepts that were only briefly covered in class. Prospective students are advised to have a
basic background in Physics and Calculus, as these subjects are used frequently but not really taught in
the class. Students should also be prepared for extensive studying and challenging materials.
AS.171.107.01-04
General Physics for Physical Sciences Majors (AL)
Robert Leheny
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interactivity of this course and found it extremely useful to have almost the entire
course's content readily available online, especially the prelectures. The professor was quite willing to
meet with students outside of class to assist them with any issues they had. Many students thought that
243
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
the homework and exam questions were not an effective grading model, as they were multiple choice
with no partial credit opportunities. Suggestions for improvement included the use of short answer
questions for both the homework and the exams to show comprehension of a concept. Students also
wanted to see more interactive demos throughout the course. Any prospective students would benefit
from prior knowledge of physics, although many of the basic concepts are taught in this class.
AS.171.113.01
Subatomic World
Barry Blumenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
Students found that the best aspect of this course was the professor, who was able to break down
complex Physics concepts into manageable and comprehensible examples. The content was interesting,
and students found the professor very knowledgeable and open to questions throughout the lecture.
Students did miss having a textbook to review concepts, and felt it was nearly impossible to catch up
with the notes if they missed a lecture. Students suggested posting the lecture notes online, providing
links to related reference materials, or assigning a textbook might help when studying. They also wanted
to see more demonstrations, as they found these to be very helpful and entertaining. Students
considering this course must be willing to attend every lecture. The workload is manageable and the
course is highly recommended for anyone with an interest (but not necessarily a background) in science.
AS.171.201.01-02
Special Relativity/ Waves
Nadia Zakamska
Overall quality of the class: 3.72
Summary:
Students found the course subject matter to be very interesting and the work to be both challenging and
stimulating. Many students thought that too much information was packed into one semester, and
would have been better as two separate courses. Students also thought that the professor often moved
too quickly for them to keep up with the lecture. This made the already difficult material almost
impossible to follow. Students suggested that offering two courses would help balance out the material
and allow for more in-depth exploration of the subject matter. Their advice for prospective students was
to have a strong background in Physics and Math going into the course and to be prepared for long
hours of study. The material is very challenging, but interesting, and the professor will curve grades.
AS.171.301.01-02
Electromagnetic Theory II
Andrei Gritsan
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
Students found that the best aspect of this course was the textbook, which provided extensive examples
of ideas taught during the lecture. The professor followed the book very closely, which made it very easy
244
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
to follow along. Many students also found this style made the course dry and a bit uninteresting. They
suggested that the professor include more interactive demonstrations of the materials, and to come up
with original materials and questions not found in the book. Any students taking this class are
recommended to have a strong Math and Physics background going into the course and to be prepared
to spend some time studying the textbook.
AS.171.303.01
Quantum Mechanics I
Chia Ling Chien
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the pacing as well as the deliberate and extensive teaching of the
materials. Students found the subject matter interesting and accessible through the professor's lectures.
Many students found that the textbook was not helpful and that sometimes the homework would not
align directly to what was taught in class or in the book. Students suggested that the professor provided
more concrete examples and materials throughout the lecture to help add depth and analysis to the
subject matter. Prospective students should have a basic understanding in math, and should plan to
attend each class as the content is cumulative and builds on previous lectures.
AS.171.309.01
Wave Phenomena with Biophysical Application
Mark Robbins
Overall quality of the class: 3.63
Summary:
Students found the subject matter to be very interesting and enjoyed the small class size. Most students
found the course to be extremely difficult, especially the mathematical aspects of the course. Students
suggested that more guided breakdowns of equations and examples might help make these challenging
concepts easier to understand. Students going into the course should have a strong math background,
and be prepared to be mentally challenged as the course materials and concepts are very difficult and
advanced. Students are recommended to always stay on top of the homework and to ask questions
when they get confused.
AS.171.312.01
Statistical Physics/Thermodynamics
Tobias Marriage
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
Students found the professor's lectures to be one of the best aspects of the class. Lectures were easy to
understand and very interesting. The professor himself was very amiable and engaging, and easy to
approach with questions. Students found the lack of practice exams disappointing and that the
homework workload was not always balanced, especially as the semester progressed. Suggestions for
improvement included cutting back on some of the homework problems as they became more complex
245
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
and time consuming to solve. Students also wanted practice exams to help them better prepare for
exams. Any prospective students should have a solid background in physics and be prepared to budget a
fair amount of time for the homework questions.
AS.171.314.01
Introduction to Galaxies and Active Galactic Nuclei
Rosemary Wyse
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.321.01
Introduction to Space, Science, and Technology
Henry Moos, Stephen Murray
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The professors were some of the best aspects of this course. Both were very approachable, engaging
lecturers who were willing to explain the complex concepts and made the class more interesting with
very concrete examples. Many of the students found the group projects difficult, which they believed
was outside of the scope of the class. Suggestions included toning down or breaking up the project into
smaller, easier to complete sections. Students also wanted more feedback on their homework, and
more time to discuss some of the concepts in depth. Prospective students should know math, physics,
and basic engineering to succeed in this course, and be prepared to spend a lot of time and effort on the
group project.
AS.171.323.01
Physics of Human Energy Use
Julian Krolik
Overall quality of the class: 3.45
Summary:
Students found that the small class size and interesting materials led to an intriguing and dynamic class.
The homework was often unrelated to what was discussed in the class, and some students found the
lectures dry and uninspiring. Suggestions for improvement included going over difficult homework
problems and limiting some of the concepts discussed in class to allow for a more in-depth look at the
concepts. Students who are interested in this course should be prepared for challenging but interesting
materials.
AS.171.333.01
Planets, Life, and the Universe
Colin Norman
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
246
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.405.01
Condensed Matter Physics
Nina Markovic
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.172.203.01
Contemporary Phys Sem
Julian Krolik
Overall quality of the class: 4.03
Summary:
Students found the best aspects of this course to be the relaxed atmosphere and the variety of subjects
studied over the semester. They liked the rotation of the presentation topics, and appreciated the
relatively light workload. Students did not like that everything was taught through student
presentations, as the information was not always correct and the professor simply guided presentations
instead of actually teaching the materials. Students also thought that they did not cover any of the
materials in detail. Student suggestions for improvement included having the professor spend part of
the class lecturing. Students also wanted more guidance in their presentation preparations and believed
the presentations would be more effective if there was more interaction between the speakers and the
audience. Prospective students should anticipate spending most of their time preparing for their
presentation, and expect to complete some reading each week.
AS.173.111.01-23
General Physics Laboratory I
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.11
Summary:
Students most enjoyed the demonstrations in this course, and found the equipment used in this class to
be very accurate and top-of-the-line. Students also appreciated the fact that all of the graded work was
turned in during class, so there was no homework. Students found the labs themselves lacked direction
and that expectations were sometimes very vague. They also found that the labs sometimes deviated
from what was taught in lecture, so there was a disconnect of concepts, and they often found that the
labs focused more on statistics than physics. Suggestions for improvement included increasing the
amount of time spent teaching a concept during lecture, and making these lectures more interactive.
Students also wanted more time to complete the labs, since they often felt rushed and were sometimes
unable to finish. Any prospective students should have a comfortable understanding of physics and
calculus, and be prepared to stay focused and work under a tight three-hour lab deadline.
AS.173.112.01-05
General Physics Laboratory II
247
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.41
Summary:
Many students found that the best aspects of this course included the different lab topics, which they
found interesting. Students also liked that all of the assignments were handled in class, so there was no
homework. Many students complained that the labs took longer than their allotted time, and that the
labs got ahead of the lecture so that they were dealing with concepts they had not yet been taught in
class. Suggestions for improvement included lengthening the lab time, shortening the labs themselves,
or allowing students to complete and turn in the labs late without losing points. Prospective students
should be sure to read the lab materials the night before the actual lab so that they can make good use
of the full three hour timeslot.
AS.173.115.01
Classical Mechanics Laboratory
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
Students loved the labs of this course, which they found challenging, interesting and applicable to what
they were learning in the lecture. Students also liked the fact that there was no homework or other
work outside of the class. However, many students found that the lab directions were unclear, and that
the time allotted for the lab was not long enough to complete all of the work on time. Students suggest
providing more instruction at the beginning of the lab, and permitting work to be completed outside of
the lab time. They also wanted additional feedback for the grading policies. Any prospective students
should have a background in physics and be familiar with different equations in order to be fully
prepared to complete the lab in the limited three-hour time.
248
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.190.101.01-04; 07-10
Introduction to American Politics
Benjamin Ginsberg
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the ease of the course materials and the professor's lectures
and anecdotes, which students found entertaining and interesting. Many students thought that the
professor often got off topic and that the information in the lectures had nothing to do with the
materials they were tested on. Students suggested a more structured class with lectures that referred to
the reading assignments and included information that was on the exams. Students also believed the
sections would be more effective with more focused discussions of the materials and additional
opportunities to tie what they were learning to current events. Prospective students should have an
interest in United States history and politics and be sure to attend every lecture.
AS.190.104.01-12
International Politics
Daniel Deudney
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the professor's engaging lectures and the
interesting topics she covered. The professor was clearly passionate about the subject, and students
found that he covered an inordinate amount of information in a short amount of time. Many students
thought it was almost too much information because he spoke so quickly that they could not keep up
with their notes. Suggestions for improvement included recording and posting the lectures for students
to go back and review for the exams. Students also suggested cutting back on some of the readings,
either lessening the number assigned or shortening the assignments. Any prospective students should
be prepared to take fast, detailed notes and to pay close attention to all of the lectures. Students should
also be prepared to read a fair amount of material before each lecture.
249
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.190.207.01
Political Freedom, Race and Resistance
Philip Brendese
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students praised this course for having a passionate instructor and for covering an interesting subject
matter. Some students found the instructor overly harsh when grading, and others thought having a
discussion requirement in a class with more than 30 people was unfair. Suggestions for improvement
included shrinking the class size to better allow for discussion. Prospective students should know that
students found grading in the course to be harsh but found both the instructor and the course
interesting.
AS.190.210.01-02
The American Congress
Daniel Schlozman
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
Students praised this course for having an enthusiastic instructor and fascinating material. However,
some students found the lectures to be confusing and hard to follow. Students also found the course
had too many dense reading assignments. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for a
reduction in the amount of assigned readings. Prospective students should know that students found
that grading in the class was tough but fair, and that some knowledge in American politics was helpful.
AS.190.225.01-02
Introduction to International Studies
Siba Grovogui
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
Students praised this course as an eye-opening experience that covered a variety of international
themes. Multiple students found it hard to receive feedback from the course either due to never having
assignments returned or having a long wait time to receive work back. Suggestions for improvement
included a greater structure in the course to explain what would be covered during each session.
Prospective students should know that students found the class' workload to be manageable and that
participation in class was critical to ensuring a good grade.
AS.190.226.01-04
Global Governance
Bentley Allan
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
250
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Students praised this course for covering timely topics and pulling in current event into the class. Still,
some students thought the course had a heavy load of reading. Suggestions for improvement included a
desire to see less emphasis on participation, as well as a desire for more concise reading assignments.
Prospective students should know that while the course had a respectable workload it was
"intellectually stimulating and engaging."
AS.190.281.01-02
Virtue, Labor, and Power (Classics of Political Thought II)
Samuel Chambers
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
Students praised this course for having a fantastic instructor and interesting subject matter. Some
students found that the class could get too enmeshed in theoretical themes and jargon. Suggestions for
improvement included a desire to focus on real-world issues and practical examples. Prospective
students should know that students found the course's workload to be challenging but the course
overall was found to be thought provoking.
AS.190.327.01
Politics of Information
Rene Marlin-Bennett
Overall quality of the class: 3.13
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.190.331.01
Comparative Racial Politics
Michael Hanchard
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
Students praised this course for spurring compelling in-class discussions. The instructor was also praised
for facilitating group discussion with one student saying, "He had a way of setting everyone at ease
when it came to discussing racial stereotypes." Students felt the course had far too many assigned
readings, with some feeling certain selections weren't necessary or weren't incorporated into the
course. Students' suggestions for improvement included a desire for a reduction in the course's assigned
reading and a desire for greater clarity from the instructor on his expectations for students. Prospective
students should know that students found the instructor expected students to complete a great deal of
reading.
AS.190.333.01-02
American Constitutional Law
Emily Zackin
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
251
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Summary:
Students praised this course as featuring interesting topics that spurred intelligent group discussions.
Some students disliked that class discussion was restricted by the instructor to the assigned text and
that a greater diversity of readings wasn't featured in the course. Suggestions for included students
wishing the course encouraged completion of assigned readings either through assigning regular
homework on it or testing it regularly to avoid students skipping or skimming assigned reading and then
contributing little to group discussions. Prospective students should know that students found that
some background in American politics and court cases was helpful when taking this course. Students
also found that participation was very important for being successful in this course.
AS.190.344.01
Seminar in Anti-Semitism
Benjamin Ginsberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
Students widely praised the course's instructor as an "extraordinary lecturer" who brought different
insight on an "interesting topic." Some students found the in-class presentations took up too much of
the class and could be a drag when presentations were poor. Suggestions for improvement included
putting a time limit on student presentations and perhaps making attendance mandatory or part of
students' grades in order to aid group discussions. Prospective students should know that students
found the workload was manageable and covered an interesting subject matter.
AS.190.384.01
Urban Politics & Policy
Richard Katz, Lester Spence
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
Students praised the course and the instructor for making multimedia a central part of the course. Some
students found the instructor to be unresponsive to students when they requested assistance. Students
also found some readings to be out of date or irrelevant to the course. Suggestions for improvement
included a desire to see the class size limited to allow for livelier group discussions. Some students also
wished that the course focused less on theoretical issues and more on actual cities such as Baltimore
and their current issues. Prospective students should know that the course is interesting and multimedia
focused.
AS.190.398.01
Politics of Good & Evil
William Connolly
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
252
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Students broadly praised this course, saying the excellent professor and intriguing assigned readings
made it one of the best courses they had taken at Hopkins. Some students found the course didn't tie
together themes in books with their relevance to politics. Some students thought the course would have
been improved by eliminating some of the denser readings. Prospective students should know that
students found this to be a demanding course and that some background in philosophy and political
science was helpful.
AS.190.405.01
Food Politics
Adam Sheingate
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students found the subject matter of the course to be interesting and the instructor to be passionate.
Some students found the course ran too long and would have preferred if it was shorter or if the course
was split up so it met twice a week. Suggestions for improvement included adding more structure so
class lectures can go more in depth on certain topics. Prospective students should know that having a
background in food or agricultural politics was helpful.
AS.190.411.01
Environment and Development in the Third World
Margaret Keck
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
Students praised this course for having interesting subject matter and having a small-class size that
allowed for dynamic class discussions. Some students found the class lacked structure and that it was
difficult to follow in-class lectures. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for the instructor to
help drive group discussions either by creating prompts for discussion topics or assigning a student to
lead the discussion. Prospective students should know that students found that the course had a lot of
reading.
AS.190.412.01
Political Violence
Steven David
Overall quality of the class: 4.94
Summary:
Students praised the discussion-focused course's interactive instructor and subject matter. Some
students dislike the fact that the bulk of the course's grades came at the end of the course making it
hard for students to figure out what grade they would receive. Suggestions for improvement included a
request by some students that students' grades be distributed across the semester, perhaps by adding a
midterm. That way, students wouldn't have a lengthy paper and exam both happening at the end of the
term. Prospective students should know that students found the course to be "excellent" but disliked
253
POLITICAL SCIENCE
that the bulk of the course's grades falling at the end of the course. Participation in group discussion was
vital to success in the course.
AS.190.425.01
The New Deal and American Politics
Daniel Schlozman
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
Students praised this course for having an interesting subject matter, great class discussion, and an
extremely intelligent professor. Student issues with the course varied with one student wishing group
discussion was a bigger part of students' grades while another felt the class could seem slow.
Suggestions for improvement included having better managed group discussions that covered more
topics. Prospective students should know that the course required a fair amount of required reading to
get the most out of the course.
AS.190.433.01
Constructivism: How Ideas Shape International Relations
Bentley Allan
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course and its professor for exposing students to Constructivism and giving
them a different perspective on international relations. Some students found the amount and
complexity of the assigned reading to be overwhelming. Suggestions for improvement varied; some
students wished the course covered fewer topics and went more in depth on some of them instead.
Prospective students should know that students found that there was "lots of chewing on texts" and a
failure to read would make this discussion-based course difficult.
AS.190.435.01
Law and Literature
Jennifer Culbert
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.190.440.01
European Politics in Comparative Perspective
Nicholas Jabko
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.335.01
254
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Arab-Israeli Conflict (IR)
Robert Freedman
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the professor's passion and knowledge
about the subject. The lectures were fast and interesting, and students really liked that they went over
current events in class. Many thought that the reading assignments were heavy and difficult and that
lectures were too fast and covered too much information. Students also did not like having only two
grades, and suggested adjusting the schedule to fit in four smaller exams to make it easier to study the
content. Students also wanted fewer, more focused readings and thought that the course materials
would be better covered if the class met twice a week and in smaller discussion groups. Prospective
students must attend lectures and be prepared to take notes. Students will find the workload heavy and
the materials challenging but interesting, especially if they enjoy history or have an interest in the
Middle East.
AS.191.345.01
Russian Foreign Policy (IR)
Robert Freedman
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The better aspects of this course included the professor's engaging manner and the way he tied current
events into their historical context. Students believed that they learned a tremendous amount, and
found all of the lectures to be very interesting. Some students believed that the professor had to go
quickly in the lectures to cram in all of the information, and thought that the lectures were a bit rushed
at times. Other students thought that the readings were dense, and suggested varying the materials for
homework assignments and lightening the reading load in general. Students also thought that meeting
twice a week would allow for more discussions in the course. Prospective students should be prepared
to complete a heavy load of reading each week. They will find the materials to be challenging but
interesting.
AS.191.352.01
American Constitution and War Making
Ryan Fried
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the small class size, which allowed for relaxed
conversations about the materials. Students thought the professor to be very knowledgeable and the
topics to be very interesting. Many students thought that much of the work they needed to complete
was just busywork, and that they often ran out of time to discuss important topics because they were
reviewing their weekly prep sheets. Students recommended that the class be taught twice a week to
spread out the material, and to get rid of the prep sheets in favor of class presentations or case studies
that could be discussed by the group. Prospective students should be able to devote time outside of
255
POLITICAL SCIENCE
class to complete the readings and prep sheets. This course is recommended for anyone interested in
the topic and group discussions.
AS.191.363.01
Impasse Matters: The Politics of Unmaking Lives
Chad Shomura
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
Students believe that the better aspects of this course included the stimulating readings and the
engaging class discussions. Students loved the professor's passion for the subject and the unique
perspectives he used to have them challenge their self-understanding and realization. There were very
few complaints about this course; some students wished that it met twice a week so they could cover
more materials, and that some of the readings were not as informative as others. Suggestions for
improvement included providing more background for the reading materials and covering more current
events in the discussions. Prospective students are highly encouraged to take this course if they enjoy
thought-provoking anecdotes and self-discovery. The course is about discovering one's place in the
world, and challenges students to deep introspective views of their values and beliefs.
AS.191.364.01
Free Expression in the 21st
Century
Gary Jones
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
Students believe that the best aspects of this course were the interesting materials and topics discussed
over the semester. The professor was knowledgeable and passionate about the subject, and students
liked engaging in the oral arguments during class. Several students thought that the readings were too
heavy for the time in which they were assigned. Suggestions for improvement included keeping the
lecture styles consistent--most students seemed to like lectures where the professor wrote on the
board instead of using PowerPoint slides. Prospective students should be prepared to read a fair amount
and to participate in class discussions and oral arguments. No legal background is required, but
knowledge of how to read legal texts will be beneficial.
AS.191.372.01
Making Social Change
Shayna Strom
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-class discussions and the guest lecturers. Students liked
the subject matter and thought that they really got engaged with the materials during the lectures.
However, many students thought that the reading load was too heavy for a 1.5 credit course and that
the readings were too long. Students suggested lightening the workload by lessening the number of and
shortening the length of readings. Students also recommended focusing the discussions more on
256
POLITICAL SCIENCE
examples instead of theories and spending less time on simulations. Prospective students should be
prepared for a work intensive course with some interesting materials and discussions.
AS.191.374.01
Seminar in American Political Economy
Chloe Thurston
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.375.01
Thinking Organizationally about Politics
Steven Teles
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspect of this course was the professor, who was both knowledgeable
and passionate about the subject. Students thought that the class discussions and lecture stayed
consistently interesting and engaging over the entire class period. Many students thought that the paper
topics were too vague and difficult to complete, and that the professor was looking for a specific,
undefined viewpoint. Students suggested shortening some of the reading assignments and adjusting the
pacing of the modules would help ensure that the material was covered at an equal pace. Students also
wanted more structured prompts for their assignments, as well as feedback. Prospective students
should be prepared to work hard. It is a challenging course, but the materials are interesting and the
discussions are very rewarding.
AS.191.376.01
Public Policy Writing
Kathryn Wagner Hill
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspect of this course was meeting one-on-one with the professor to
receive feedback and guidance on their papers. Students found the lectures useful in teaching the way
public policy works are written and that the grant writing assignment was very practical. Many students
found that feedback varied and was often unclear as to what needed to change. Students also believed
there was a disconnect of what was expected among the different professors. Suggestions for the class
included increasing communication between the writing coaches and the professors to ensure that
students knew exactly what they were supposed to be writing about. Prospective students should take
this class if they want to improve their writing skills and can quickly adapt their writing to fit requested
edits.
AS.191.379.01
Thinking Strategically
Karl Mueller
257
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the very passionate professor with a professional background
and experience in the field. Students found the lectures to be very engaging, and the reading materials
to be interesting. Some students did thought that the readings were a bit long and suggested shortening
or assigning fewer readings. Others students believed that there would be more active class
participation if class met twice a week for shorter periods of time. Prospective students should read the
assignments before class and come prepared with questions and ideas to discuss in class.
AS.191.382.01
Thinking Economically
Dean Baker
Overall quality of the class: 3.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's passion for the subject and his professional
knowledge and experience. Many students thought that the course had an imbalance of experience
levels, as the people who had backgrounds in economics were bored while the people without this
background quickly got lost. Students also found that the lectures were somewhat dry and boring.
Suggestions for improvement included making the class more discussion based and having the lectures
focus on teaching concepts rather than arguing a point. Prospective students are strongly recommended
to have an economics background, but it is not a requirement.
AS.191.388.01
Ethnic Politics
Soundarya Chidambaram
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.391.01
Organizing War: Military Organizations, Culture and Bureaucracy in the Mod
Rebecca Stoli
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course were the class discussions and the professor.
Students found the professor to be lively, engaging, and interesting, and that she had an excellent
teaching method that involved relating what was taught in class to what was going on in current events.
The only real complaint that students had was the amount of reading due each week, and how the
readings didn't really get addressed during discussions. Suggestions for improvement included
shortening or cutting down on the reading assignments to give students a chance to get through the
materials. Students also would have liked more time to participate in discussions and not get distracted
258
POLITICAL SCIENCE
from the big topics being discussed. Prospective students are highly recommended to take this course if
they are interested in military history and do not mind a fair amount of reading.
AS.191.397.01
Freedom
Stuart Gray
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
Students thought that the professor was the best aspect of this course. He engaged the students and
kept discussions lively and thought-provoking. Students felt motivated to attend every class and loved
the group discussions. The only complaint that students really had was that the discussions sometimes
got off topic, and that the readings were not always directly related to what was discussed in class.
Suggestions for improvement included limiting the class to upper level students with experience in poly
sci or philosophy to shrink the class size and promote even more discussion. Prospective students are
highly encouraged to take this class if they enjoy challenging philosophical ideas and discussing their
views in class.
AS.191.398.01
The International Politics of Genocide
Benjamin Meiches
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
Students found that the best aspect of this course was the professor's passion for helping his students
succeed. Students loved the ample constructive feedback they received on their assignments and
believed that he really helped them improve their writing. They also thought that he did an excellent job
lecturing on such a difficult subject and keeping the class focused. There were very few complaints
about the course, although some students felt the grading was a bit confusing, and that there was a lot
of writing involved. Suggestions for improvement included having a more in-depth discussion about the
final paper and including guided reading questions to help focus class discussions. Prospective students
should be prepared for extensive reading and engaging in class discussions.
AS.191.399.01
The Political Economy of Development
Adnan Naseemullah
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.402.01
Numbers, Pictures, Politics
Mark Rom
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
259
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included learning the programs to help them make
visuals, which many believed would be a useful skills to have in their careers. Many students found that
the professor was very supportive of students, and that he helped them gain concrete skills. Some
students found it difficult to keep up in class because they had never used the programs before and
suggested teaching the basics to the programs before proceeding into more complex concepts. Students
also suggested teaching more of R Studio and providing links to tutorials for the different programs.
Prospective students are encouraged to take this class if they have an interest in learning how to make
infographics and not to feel intimidated if they've never used the programs before. The professor wants
students to succeed, so all they need to do is ask for additional help as needed.
AS.193.200.01
Early Holocaust Literature: Jewish Poetry and Prose 1939-1949
Miriam Trinh
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course were the engaging discussions and getting a balance
of history and literature when learning the materials. However, students found some of the readings to
be a bit dry and tedious, so students suggested finding less scholarly work and actively engaging
students in more discussions. Students also felt that meeting more often for shorter periods of time
would help spur conversation further. Prospective students should know that this course was
considered relatively easy, and that most students really enjoyed the materials.
260
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.661.110.01; 03
Professional Communication for Science, Business & Industry
Jay Thompson
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
Students praised this course for its small class size and the captivating and helpful instructor. Some
students disliked the large amount of writing in the course and found that they didn't get enough
feedback on the assignments they submitted. Many students suggested cutting down the writing
requirement of the course. Other students wanted to see an increase in the amount of oral
presentations in the course. Prospective students should know that the course useful in terms of
showing students how to improve their writing style and create resumes, cover letters, and other
documents.
EN.661.110.02
Professional Communication for Science, Business & Industry
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included writing a wide variety of professional documents, although
some students thought diagramming sentences during class periods was overdone and unnecessary.
Suggestions to improve the course included a desire to cut down the amount time spent on grammar
and the basics of writing. Prospective students should know that the course was writing intensive but
also enjoyable.
EN.661.110.04-05
Professional Communication for Science, Business & Industry
Caroline Wilkins
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
261
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Summary:
Students praised the instructor for fostering a fun and engaging classroom experience. Many students
felt that the instructor was slow to grade and return assignments, however, and students desired more
feedback. Suggestions for improvement included a desire that work be returned to student quicker and
with more feedback on their performance. Prospective students should know that the course had a light
workload and that it required students to think creatively.
EN.661.110.06-07
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Benjamin Parris
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
Students liked the useful writing exercises that allowed them to improve their ability to write resumes,
cover letters, and other documents. Students complained that distribution of assignments in the course
was uneven, and that the bulk of assignments occurred in the first half of the course. Suggestions for
improvement included adding more activities to the lectures, either as in-class writing assignments or
other interactive activities. Prospective students should know that the course is reading and writing
intensive, but that the skills gained in the course were applicable to a wide variety of areas and fields.
EN.661.111.01
Professional Communication for ESL Students
Laura Davis
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.150.01-02
Oral Presentations
Kevin Dungey
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspect of this course was the instructor, who was described as a charismatic
leader who created a comfortable atmosphere that encouraged students to speak in public. Students
had few issues with the course, although some students thought the class periods ran too long which
could make them feel boring. Suggestions for improvement included adding more emphasis on showing
students how to improve their speaking skills and delivery. Prospective students should know that the
course required them to speak in front of the class each week and it helped those who had a fear of
public speaking.
EN.661.150.03
Oral Presentations
Julie Reiser
262
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
Students praised this course for giving them experience on delivering presentations and for having an
instructor who was "excellent and funny." Students' issues with the course included finding the course
had too much weekly work for students to complete. Suggestions for improvement included a desire
from some students that the course have fewer speeches and focus more on educating students on how
to give addresses. Prospective students should know that the course required an investment of time and
attention from students.
EN.661.150.04
Oral Presentations
Jason Heiserman
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
Students praised this course for its small class size and for being a low-stress environment for practicing
oral skills. Complaints for the class were few, although some students wished for additional
opportunities to practice their presentation skills. Suggestions for improvement included a desire that
the course provide additional guidance on how assignments would be graded. Prospective students
should know that the course presented useful life skills and was geared toward both experienced and
novice public speakers.
EN.661.150.05
Oral Presentations
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
Students praised this course for providing a safe environment for students to improve their ability to
give presentations. Students found they had few issues with the course, but some disliked that the
course met only once a week for three hours. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for
additional feedback from the instructor on ways for students to improve. Prospective students should
know that the course was useful and good for students who wished to improve their public-speaking
skills.
EN.661.150.06
Oral Presentations
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.150.07-08
263
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Oral Presentations
Andrew Kulanko
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
Students praised this course for making students more comfortable when giving a variety of
presentations. Students had few issues with the course, although some students thought the course
lasted too long and the workload was too heavy. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for
more opportunities for students to practice what they had learned and gain feedback from the
instructor. Prospective students should know that the course allowed students to get over or learn to
handle their anxiety about public speaking.
EN.661.151.01
Oral Presentations for ESL
Laura Davis
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.361.01
Corporate Communications and P.R.
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students felt this course gave them the ability to apply public relations and communications skills in
real-life situations. Some students wished the course gave more guidance and instructions for
assignments, however, and some students suggested utilizing guest speakers more effectively. For
example, some students wished for guest speakers who could speak on internal communication in large
organizations, rather than just external communications. Another student wished the number of
speakers had either been reduced or spread out across the semester. Prospective students should know
that to be successful in the course, students had to be engaged in class and willing to both speak up in
class as well as stay up to date on current events.
EN.661.610.01
Research Writing for ESL
Denise Link-Farajali
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
Students praised this course for providing "practical skills to improve writing" and for offering individual
feedback to students on ways they could become better writers. Students' issues with the course were
few, although some disliked the length of the scheduled class time, so they suggested having the class
meet twice weekly for shorter periods. Others asked for more information for students taking the
264
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
course either by providing electronic handouts or additional homework assignments. Prospective
students should know that the course required a good grasp of English and that students were expected
to work on a research paper for the course.
EN.661.611.01
Professional Communication for ESL
Laura Davis
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.613.01
Professional Communication for ESL: Financial Math
Denise Link-Farajali
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.710.01
Dissertation Writing Workshop
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.663.645.01
Improving Presentation Skills for Scientists and Engineers
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
265
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.200.101.01
Introduction to Psychology
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of the class: 4.01
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lack of homework and the interesting variety of topics
covered in the lecture. Due to the class' massive size, students believed that it was impossible to
respond to the topics discussed, and that this could make the lectures long and somewhat tedious.
Suggestions for improvement included providing the lecture notes online to help students prepare for
the exams. Students also wanted smaller class sizes to increase interactivity and add interest to the
lectures. Prospective students should be aware that the exams cover information exclusive to the
lectures, so attendance is mandatory.
AS.200.132.01
Introduction to Developmental Psychology
Lisa Feigenson
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the professor's obvious passion and interest in her field, which
she used to make the lectures informative, engaging, and focused. Students loved the materials covered
in the course and thought that the information was presented in a helpful and easy way. Some students
found the writing assignments and exams to be somewhat difficult. Suggestions for improvement
included providing more detailed instructions on what was expected for the essays, and posting the
lectures online so that students could use that information to study more effectively. Prospective
students should attend every lecture and keep up with the reading to ensure that they get the most out
of the course.
AS.200.141.01
Foundations of Brain, Behavior, and Cognition
266
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the ready availability of the materials
online, as well as the professor's ability to keep the lectures interesting and engaging. Students
especially liked the multimedia aspect of the study materials, especially the recordings on Panapto.
Many students thought that the amount of material they had to know for each exam was excessive, and
that at times the professor spoke too quickly to take effective notes. Suggestions for improvement
included adding another class period each week so that the material could be spread out over the week.
Students also wanted review sheets or some sort of discussion to ensure that they understood the key
concepts and materials. Any prospective students should be prepared to learn a lot of information in a
short period of time, and to take notes during the lecture. Attendance is key, and although the materials
can be difficult, the challenge is ultimately rewarding.
AS.200.204.01-02
Human Sexuality
Ann Jarema, Chris Kraft
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting materials used in class, as well as the highly
engaging professor. Students enjoyed the videos and felt that the relaxed atmosphere made it more
comfortable for people to speak up in discussions. Many people thought that the lecture was a bit long,
and that some of the topics were discussed without much depth. Suggestions for improvement included
updating some of the materials to include new studies and articles. Students also wanted a brief break
in the middle of class. Any prospective students should know that this is a basic introductory course, but
that the work load is light and the testing is fairly lenient.
AS.200.207.01-05
Research Methods in Experimental Psychology
Howard Egeth
Overall quality of the class: 2.85
Summary:
Students found that the best aspect of this course was learning how to write a scientific paper. Many
students felt that the work was overwhelming, and that grading standards varied through the different
sections. Students believed the lectures were long and ineffective, and that the timeline of the
assignments was too rapid. Suggestions for improvement included focusing the course on designing
research and performing an actual experiment. Students also thought that smaller class lectures would
allow for discussions and more interactive and interesting sessions. Prospective students are warned
that this course requires a lot of work and that having a strong background in statistics is a must.
AS.200.212.01
Abnormal Psychology
267
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Aaron Noonberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
Students believed the best aspects of this course included the materials and topics covered. Many
students found the lectures to be interesting, if a bit long. Many students found that the professor
spoke too quickly, and that lectures could drag on. Suggestions for improvement included breaking the
class into smaller discussion-based classes to add interactivity and boost student participation. Students
also wanted more specific notes on the PowerPoint slides and updated tests with new questions.
Prospective students should be prepared to pay attention and take notes during the lecture, and to read
the book before taking the exams.
AS.200.222.01
Positive Psychology
Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
Students found that the energy and enthusiasm of the group, as well as the close-knit feeling of the class
were the best aspects of this course. They believed the information was relevant to their lives and that
they would be able to implement the techniques and ideas from the class during times under duress and
stress. Many students felt that the final project was confusing and disorganized, and that the readings
were often unnecessary or unrelated to what was being discussed in class. Suggestions for improvement
include adding more structure to the assignments and assigning fewer, more meaningful readings
throughout the semester. Prospective students are highly recommended to take this class as early as
possible in their academic careers in order to help them learn how to deal with stressors in their
everyday lives.
AS.200.308.01
Neurobiology of Learning and Memory
Michael Yassa
Overall quality of the class: 4.72
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of the course included the cutting-edge materials discussed in
class, as well as the professional experience of the professor. Students loved the information they
learned, and enjoyed finding out about theories still speculative and still under research. Some students
found the daily quizzes to be a bit much, and suggested cutting the quizzes back to every other day to
lighten the workload. Prospective students should attend each lecture and know that although there is a
fair amount of work, it is almost always interesting and stimulating.
AS.200.309.01
Evolutionary Mechanisms of Human Behavior
Herbert Petri
268
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lecture topics and materials covered in the class.
Several students thought that the lectures could drag a bit, and others thought that this was more fringe
science than a full science course. Suggestions for improvement included splitting the class in two to
create shorter sessions, and providing more instructions for the final papers. Prospective students
should be prepared to keep up with the reading and be comfortable presenting a paper at the end of
the semester.
AS.200.310.01
Neural Basis of Cognitive Control
Susan Courtney-Faruqee
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the direct application of the ideas and skills
taught in the lecture. They liked knowing exactly what the final project entailed and believed that the
entire class was well organized. However, some students believed that there were not enough graded
assignments, and that the student presentations went on too long. Suggestions for improvement
included getting the professor to lecture for more of the class, and making participation a bigger
percentage of the grading system in order to get more feedback on the presentations. Prospective
students should prepare for an in-depth but enjoyable final project and be able to present their work in
front of the class.
AS.200.316.01
Thought and Perception
Jonathan Flombaum, Steven Gross
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lively debates between the two professors. Students liked
hearing the arguments and reasons that each professor presented because it made the class discussions
engaging and entertaining. Some students found the arguments difficult to follow and that the readings
were overly detailed. Suggestions for improvement included shortening the readings, and providing
short lectures before a debate to ensure that all students had the information they needed to follow the
arguments. Prospective students should be prepared for a reading intensive but refreshingly challenging
course.
AS.200.326.01
Law, Psychology, and Public Policy
Paul Hofer
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
269
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the engaging professor and the interesting
course materials. Students found the concepts discussed to be challenging but intriguing, and enjoyed
discussing their opinions in the small class size. Many students were confused by the grading policy and
others felt that there was little motivation to read the assignments before class. Suggestions for
improvement included having the class twice a week to boost student participation, and having a clear
outline of expectations for the graded assignments. Prospective students should start the final paper
early and prepare for each class by completing the reading assignments.
AS.200.328.01
Theory & Methods in Clinical Psychology
David Edwin
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
Students believed that the professor was the best aspect of this course, as he kept students engaged
and made the lectures very interesting. Students found the workload to be reasonable and the course
very well structured. The only complaint was that the lectures were long, and that the course should be
taught twice a week. Students also suggested to add breaks to the class and to make the class more
interactive to boost student participation. Prospective students should know that although the course
work is relatively light, it is important that they stay on top of the papers.
AS.200.333.01
Advanced Social Psychology
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students found that the readings and the class discussions about the materials to be the best aspects of
the course. Students enjoyed learning how to think critically and analyze big concepts. However,
students disliked the lack of feedback and the limited grading opportunities. They suggested that the
professor provide the discussion questions before the actual lecture so that students would have time to
prepare a response. Students also wanted feedback built into the process of the final paper, either with
the professor or with peers. Prospective students must come to class prepared to discuss the reading
and actively participate.
AS.200.344.01
Behavioral Endocinology
Gregory Ball, Farrah Madison
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the highly engaging professors and the
interesting course materials covered. Students found the lectures to be interesting, if a little too fast,
but thought that the readings were too long. The PowerPoint slides for the lectures were also a bit bare,
and that the exams were very detail-oriented. Suggestions for improvement included assigning shorter
270
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
reading assignments, providing recordings of the lectures, and creating detailed review sheets or
sessions to better prepare for exams. Prospective students should be prepared for a reading intensive
course with challenging but interesting subject matter.
AS.200.359.01
The Psychology of Financial Crisis
Lawrence Raifman
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspect of this course was the professor, who was engaging and made the
lectures more interactive. Students found the materials he discussed to be fascinating and thought that
the variety of materials used in the lessons helped them get a firm grasp of the concepts. Several
students noted that the professor was often disorganized, and that they had little to no direction in
what to study for the exams. Suggestions for improvement included creating an outline for each lecture
that could later be used when reviewing for the exam. An interest in or basic understanding of
economics would be extremely helpful for prospective students. They should be prepared to complete a
lot of challenging but interesting work.
AS.200.363.01
Mind, Brain, & Experience
Marina Bedny
Overall quality of the class: 3.63
Summary:
Students found the topics covered in this class to be very interesting. The amount of reading to be
completed each week seemed excessive to many students, especially since they were required to write
a response paper. Students also found it difficult to improve their writing because they never received
feedback, even after asking the professor directly. Suggestions for improvement included cutting the
reading back to one journal a week. Students also wanted feedback on how to improve their writing.
Prospective students should be prepared for a work-intensive, but interesting class.
AS.200.401.01
Careers in Psychology  Freshman
Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students found the variety of speakers and topics discussed were the best aspects of this course. They
enjoyed hearing about the different careers, and believed that they gained a lot of insight into what
possible fields they might pursue. Some students felt that the course was a little disorganized, and that
there needed to be more variety in the guest speakers. Suggestions for improvement included finding
guest lecturers from around the Baltimore-DC area, possibly with student input to gear the lectures
towards careers they were considering. Prospective students need to know that attendance is
271
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
mandatory, and that each lecture is a new and unique experience that depends on who the guest
lecturer is that night.
AS.200.402.01
Careers in Psychology  Sophomore
Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 3.54
Summary:
Students loved hearing about the real-world experiences of the guests. They found the lectures to be
engaging and helpful in determining their own career paths. Some students thought that there were not
as many lecturers as there could have been, and that there could have been more variety in the
speakers who came. Students also felt the course was disorganized since there were so many
cancellations. Suggestions for improvement included getting more speakers to come in from outside of
Johns Hopkins, and to increase the number of sessions. Prospective students should know that there is
very little work required, and that the course can provide valuable insight into potential career paths.
AS.200.403.01
Careers in Psychology  Junior
Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.200.404.01
Careers in Psychology  Senior
Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the light workload that was focused on
directing students' career paths, and the many guest lecturers who came to speak. They found these
lectures to be interesting and extremely helpful, as they were able to ask questions and network with
future peers in their fields. However, the course was slightly disorganized, and many students wished
there had been more speakers. Suggestions for improvement included bringing more guest lectures in
to speak, and choosing lecturers from a wider variety of specialties and areas. Prospective students
should know that this is an excellent networking opportunity and a course that will help them prepare
for pursuing their careers after college.
272
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.280.100.01
Public Health in Film and Media
Mieka Smart
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
Students praised this course for having interesting films and for presenting a host of engaging guest
speakers. Some students thought the more than two-hour long class felt long and it could be hard to
maintain interest for such period. Suggestions for improvement included cutting down the duration of
the class and allowing students to have more group discussions or other opportunities to reflect on the
movies and guest speakers they experienced. Prospective students should know that students described
the course as having a reasonable workload and that it was a thought-provoking course. Students found
having an open mind was a requirement for the course.
AS.280.220.01-02
Baltimore and the Wire: A focus on major urban issues
Peter Beilenson
Overall quality of the class: 4.68
Summary:
Students broadly praised this class for using the television show, The Wire, to discuss ongoing issues in
Baltimore. Students particularly praised the course for involving a variety of exceptional guest speakers.
Issues with the course varied with some students finding some of the lecturers to be underwhelming
while others found some of the concepts often seemed to be repeated. Suggestions for improvement
included slimming down the size of the class to allow for more group discussion, as well as a desire to
see the television show incorporated more thoroughly into the class. Prospective students should know
that the course covered a variety of topics and prior knowledge of the television show was helpful for
success in the course.
AS.280.335.01
The Environment and Your Health
273
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
Michael Trush
Overall quality of the class: 3.34
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the guest lecturers who had interesting
topics that applied to students' everyday lives. Many students thought that the exams were very difficult
and that the grading was unclear. Students also found that that the lecture section was too large, and
suggested breaking it into smaller groups to encourage discussions. Students also suggested improving
the exams with more materials from the readings as well as the lectures. Prospective students should be
aware that most of the coursework is memorization, and that to do well they will need to attend the
lectures and complete the online quizzes each week.
AS.280.345.01-08
Public Health Biostatistics
Margaret Taub, Scott Zeger
Overall quality of the class: 3.98
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professors who actively engaged students and kept the
lectures interesting through discussions and interactive activities like clicker buttons. Students also
appreciated how the professors were very willing to meet and answer any questions. Students did find
that some of the quizzes could be confusing, however, and that watching and listening to media before
class was time consuming and often not applicable to the day's lecture. Students also thought that the
course was disorganized and that at times the material was very repetitive. Suggestions for
improvement included providing more guidance on the projects, and including more R Studio
programming. Students also wanted more streamlined PowerPoint slides, and believed that multiple
smaller projects would be more effective than one large final project. Prospective students would find a
background in statistics useful and that reviewing the outside materials would help them prepare for
each class.
AS.280.346.01
Advanced Biostatistics Laboratory
Margaret Taub, Scott Zeger
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the introduction to R Studio software,
and the assignments that were applicable to other research situations. Students with little to no
experience with computer languages found that learning some of the program functions was very
difficult and could have been explained in more depth. Students suggested providing more extensive
instructions on how to code and believed that the whole course could have used additional guidance.
Prospective students will find that having experience in coding will be extremely helpful and that the
professor is always willing to help anyone who asks.
AS.280.350.01-03
274
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
Fundamentals of Epidemiology
Allyn Arnold, Darcy Phelan-Emrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the interesting subject matter and the
enthusiasm of the professor. The professor was very willing to meet with students outside of class.
Students also liked the guest lecturers who came to speak. Many students believed that the exams were
somewhat difficult and subjective and that having only two exams affected their grades. Students also
thought that the lectures could get a bit long and suggested scheduling breaks and shorter discussion
sections. Students also suggested increasing the number of questions on the tests, making them
multiple choice and scheduling an additional exam to help improve grades. Prospective students should
know that the workload is reasonable and that the professor is very willing to meet with them to help
them succeed.
AS.280.399.01-02
Community Based Learning  Practicum Community Health
Lenn Bone, James Goodyear
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included gaining valuable experience through hands-on activities within
and around the community. Students loved the guest lecturers and felt that the work they performed
was highly satisfying. Some students did believe the course was a bit disorganized and disliked that it
was a huge time commitment. Students also found that the reading and writing assignments were never
fully discussed because there was never enough time. Students also found that a large chunk of their
time was caught up in commuting to the worksite, so they suggested that community centers closer to
Hopkins would have been a more efficient use of their time. Suggestions for improvement included
meeting more than once a week to allow ample time to discuss the materials. Students also wanted
more specific guidelines on what was expected for the assignments. Prospective students should be
willing to commit a great deal of time. The course is highly recommended for anyone with an interest in
urban health, community service and Baltimore.
AS.280.406.01
U.S. Military Policy and Public Health: The Consequences of Conflict
Remington Nevin
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
Students praised this course for having an important topic and a passionate instructor. Some students
thought the requirement for both a final exam and a final paper was unnecessary and that it would have
been better to allow students to focus their efforts on one or the other. Suggestions for improvement
included giving students who are unfamiliar with the military a brief overview of the armed forces and
other key terms. Prospective students should know that most students highly recommended the course
however they thought some background in Public Health was helpful.
275
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
AS.280.407.01
Public Health and Disasters
Nicole Errett
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students broadly applauded this course as having an interesting subject and an "enthusiastic" and
"passionate" instructor who presented information in a variety of ways. One student complained that
points were lost on an assignment for aspects that weren't included in the assignment's guidelines,
while another student said grading felt strict. Suggestions for improvement included requesting less
reading for the course. Prospective students should know that students found it important to keep up
with the assigned reading and that the course emphasized classroom participation.
AS.280.408.01
Youth Violence Prevention: A Public Health Approach
Jessika Bottiani
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
Students praised this course's instructor for creating an interesting and engaging course on an
interesting topic. Some students felt there were too many papers and modules due too close to one
another. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for more group discussion and for those
discussions to be more carefully moderated. Prospective students should know that students found the
class required active participation and while it discussed sensitive topics it presented them in a
professional manner.
AS.280.409.01
Health Systems Challenges from Chronic Diseases in Low and Middle Income
Mariana Socal
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course and said the professor was extremely knowledgeable and the
course synthesized knowledge they had gained from other courses. Some students thought the course
had a bad tendency of running over its allotted time while others found that the required readings
weren't integrated into the class. Suggestions for improvement included adding additional structure to
the class sessions so that students had more detailed instructions for assignments. Prospective students
should know that students found the course involved quite a bit of work and a background in public
health was necessary.
AS.280.410.01
Disease Detectives and the History of Epidemiology
Amelia Buttress
276
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Students broadly praised the course as enlightening and the professor as very passionate and
motivating. Students had few complaints though some felt the required readings were too long or
weren't particularly helpful. Suggestions for improvement included trimming down the course's
readings and providing students more guidelines for the course's final exam. Prospective students
should know that students found the course's workload fair but advised participation and engagement
in the class were necessary.
AS.280.495.01
Honors in Public Health - Seminar
Kelly Gebo, Jennifer Schrack
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
Students praised this course's two instructors for being willing to provide individual feedback to
students and working with them as they completed their assignments. Some students thought the
course was a big commitment and swallowed up a good amount of time. Suggestions for improvement
included a desire for even more feedback on how their assignments went. Some students also expressed
interest in professional development workshops focused on skills such as how to give presentations and
public speaking. Prospective students should know that students thought the course was for self-
starting independent students who knew how to manage their time.
277
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
SOCIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.230.101.01-08
Introduction to Sociology
Rina Agarwala, Stephen Plank
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course were the engaging professor and the interesting
topics. They believed that they got a very thorough introduction to Sociology and were usually engaged
in the lectures. Many students felt the tests were graded too harshly and that the grading was
subjective. Other students found that one of the professors read completely off of his slides and failed
to inspire any interest in the subject. Students also noted that the TAs would make or break the class.
Suggestions for improvement included creating a new grading system that solely tested the student's
comprehension of the material, including using a rubric. They also wanted the professors to provide
study guides before the exams. Prospective students should be prepared for a typical introductory-level
course but be warned that the grading can be a bit harsh. They should keep up with the reading and
take good notes for each lecture.
AS.230.127.01
Freshman Seminar: Social Interaction
Timothy Nelson
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size that allowed for group discussions of the
materials. They found the lectures to be very interesting, and the professor to be engaging and
knowledgeable. Several students thought that the course did not fully utilize the small class size, and
that the lectures sometimes felt like they were simply read off of the PowerPoint slides. Some student
also believed that the readings were tedious and unnecessary, so they suggested shortening the
readings to focus on key concepts in the text. Other recommendations included adding group activities
to boost interactivity, and to engage in sociology experiments outside of the classroom environment.
Prospective students should be prepared for a relaxed class setting and a steady reading list that should
278
SOCIOLOGY
be completed before each class. It is a good introductory-level course that provides students with some
basic Sociology concepts and a look into the field.
AS.230.150.01
Issues in International Development
Rina Agarwala
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the professor and the information
covered over the semester. Many students found the course to be well organized and easy to follow,
and that the professor did a good job engaging the students in class discussions. Many students thought
the single class each week was too long and that the reading list was often very heavy. Suggestions for
improvement included having the class twice a week to break up the reading load and encourage more
consistent participation. Prospective students should be prepared to read extensively before class each
week. Students should attend each lecture and take detailed notes to help them prepare for exams.
AS.230.175.01
Chinese Revolutions
Huei-Ying Kuo
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor being very passionate about a subject than most
students found to be very interesting. Students liked getting the overview of Chinese history over the
decades and thought that they came away from the course with a comprehensive understanding of the
events that took place. Students often found that some lectures derailed from the main topic and fell
into details that were not ultimately on the exams. Students suggested improvements such as review
guides that listed important facts, and decreasing the number of readings, or shortening the selections.
Students also would have liked a more interactive environment with more group discussions and
activities. Prospective students should be prepared to read extensively and study hard to get fully
immersed in the materials. The course is suggested for anyone who has an interest in Chinese history.
AS.230.205.01-02
Introduction to Social Statistics
Daniel Pasciuti
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
Students found that the best aspect of this course was the professor, who was both very engaging and
understood that the material was difficult for many students. Students found the assignments and
textbook to be very straightforward, and that the course was an excellent introduction to how statistics
are used by sociologists. However, many students found that the sections of this course were unhelpful,
as they could not get their questions answered and some of the topics were glossed over without being
addressed or explained. Suggestions for improvement included slowing the lecture down and explaining
279
SOCIOLOGY
concepts in detail to make the materials more accessible to students. Prospective students should be
prepared for a challenging but useful course that has a somewhat heavy workload. Students are advised
that although the topics can be difficult, the information is very relevant to the social sciences.
AS.230.208.01
Introduction to Race and Ethnicity
Katrina McDonald
Overall quality of the class: 3.74
Summary:
Students though that the best aspects of this course included the interesting class discussions and the
selection of movies assigned outside of the classroom. Students liked the professor, but found that she
often went off-topic and was highly disorganized. Suggestions for improvement included creating a
structured schedule that detailed the information that was covered in each class. Students also wanted
longer and more detailed discussions about the materials, with fewer movies. Prospective students
should be prepared to read and write each week and to participate in class discussions.
AS.230.213.01
Social Theory
Joel Andreas
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the professor and the interesting topics
discussed over the semester. There were good class discussions, although several students believed that
the class size was too big for effective discussions. Students also thought that the workload could also
get a bit excessive, and that grading could be harsh. Suggestions for improvement included shrinking
class sizes to increase class participation during discussions. Students also wanted the assignments more
spaced out, and the reading assignments shortened. Prospective students are advised that they will
need to read and write extensively each week. Students should be very interested in sociology.
AS.230.225.01
Population, Health, and Development
Stanley Becker
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
Students found that the debates were the best aspects of this course. The lecture topics were
interesting and the professor was very knowledgeable. Students found that many of the homework
assignments were tedious and harshly graded. Students believed that many of the group projects were
too long, and that the entire course seemed unorganized. Suggestions for improvement included
changing the way the homework assignments were graded, and cutting down on the number of group
projects in order to spend more time on the lectures. Prospective students should be prepared for a lot
of work outside of the classroom, and to stay on top of the reading assignments.
280
SOCIOLOGY
AS.230.265.01-02
Research Tools and Technologies for the Social Sciences
Sahan Savas Karatasli
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
Students believed that the best aspects of this course included learning how to operate useful computer
programs and learning lots of practical knowledge. Students thought that they had a good
understanding of the programs by the time the semester was over. Most students thought that the
homework assignments were excessive and unclear. Suggestions for improvement included scheduling
an additional class each week to cover more materials and providing more detailed instructions for the
different assignments. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy workload outside of the
classroom. Students should feel comfortable with computer programming and have some working
knowledge of statistics.
AS.230.304.01
Social Organization and Social Control in Schools
Stephen Plank
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.230.321.01
Revolution, Reform and the Social Inequality of China
Joel Andreas
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
Students praised this course for its interesting subject and great readings as well as the instructor who
"knew what he was teaching inside [and] out." Some students thought the instructor's strict policy of
forbidding laptops in class wasn't helpful. Other students found the lectures could sometimes become
repetitive or confusing. Suggestions for improvement varied with some students asking for increased
guidance of class discussions while others felt the amount of assigned reading should be decreased.
Prospective students should know that there were weekly writing assignments and that the reading
assignments were important and shouldn't be skipped.
AS.230.341.01-06
Medical Sociology
Emily Agree
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
281
SOCIOLOGY
Students praised the course for covering an interesting topic with one student saying, "it provided a
fairly comprehensive overview of the sociology associated with the medical field." Students found the
course's topic to be compelling. Some students found the class' length of two hours to be excessive and
made it difficult to pay attention. Suggested improvements included providing clear guidelines for
projects and other assignments. Prospective students should know the course was far from an "easy A"
and required students to "think critically, especially in regard to the final paper."
AS.230.343.01
Political Sociology of Latin America
Magda von der Heydt-Coca
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Students praised this course saying it was very informative and "shed new light on the connection
between the social environment of Latin American countries and their economic situations." Students
also praised the professor for "challenging students in the best possible way." Some students said they
found it difficult to follow the instructor's lecture as she sometimes struggled with the English language.
Multiple students also found that the instructor's criticism was harsh rather than constructive.
Suggested improvements included adding a teaching assistant to the course to aid the instructor and
assist with technical trouble. Prospective students should know students found the class involved a fair
amount of economics, however prior knowledge of the field was not required. Multiple students also
found the professor open to and willing to take questions from students and offer feedback.
AS.230.353.01
Global Social Change
Ho-Fung Hung
Overall quality of the class: 3.38
Summary:
Students praised the interesting material this course covered and enjoyed the fact assignments and
exams could be taken home for completion. Many students had difficulty understanding the instructor's
accent, while others complained that a lack of feedback on written assignments made it difficult to know
how to improve in the course. Suggestions for improvement varied with some desiring more feedback
on graded assignments. Others wished for further engagement in classes either by allowing question
and answer sessions or having class discussions. Prospective students should know that students found
the class a good choice if one was interested in subjects such as globalization, political science, and
economics.
AS.230.361.01
Class and Culture
Timothy Nelson
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
282
SOCIOLOGY
Students praised this class for offering a unique perspective on modern life. Some students thought the
class was more writing intensive than they expected. Other students lamented that despite the class'
small size, the class didn't include enough class discussion on topics. Suggestions for improvement
included adding more interactivity to the class either by increasing the amount of class discussions or by
focusing less on theories and more on actual examples or class activities. Prospective students should
know that students found it to be an "amazing" course that taught students about themselves and
society.
AS.230.391.01
Theories of International Development
Michael Levien
Overall quality of the class: 4.85
Summary:
Students praised this course for having a "hilarious" and "engaging" professor. Students similarly praised
the course's subject and format for being interesting. Some students found that the class was too long
and that class discussions were long and dull. Suggestions for improvement included slashing the
course's reading requirement and splitting the class into shorter chunks spread over the week.
Prospective students should have some background in development theories and world politics.
283
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
THEATER ARTS AND STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.225.301.01-02
Acting & Directing Workshop I
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
Students loved the small class sizes and the professor's professional experience and advice. They found
the acting sessions to be enjoyable and the criticism they received constructive. Many students found
that the reading assignments did not relate to what they discussed in class and believed that the time
would have been better spent rehearsing scenes. Students suggested that putting less emphasis on the
homework and spending more time acting during class would be most helpful. They also thought that
the professor could make the course a little more organized by creating and sticking to a schedule.
Prospective students should know that although the workload is light, they will get the most out of the
class if they participate, ask questions and dedicate time to implementing the acting techniques they
learn in class.
AS.225.304.01
Acting for Musical Theater
Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
Students found this course to be energizing and fun. They liked the professor and thought that they got
to know their peers well, due to the small class size. Some students found that they wanted more time
in the class and that coordinating around various schedules was very difficult. Suggestions for
improvement included creating a schedule that included assignment due dates. Students also wanted
additional acting and vocal coaching throughout the semester to fill in the times that the rehearsal times
slowed. Prospective students do not need acting or vocal experience to get the most out of this course
while having a lot of fun.
AS.225.307.01
284
THEATER ARTS AND STUDIES
Directing Seminar
John Astin, James Glossman
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.310.01
Stagecraft
William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.314.01
Theater: Technical Direction
John Astin, William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.332.01
Acting and Directing Workshop IV
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students loved the small class size, which allowed for a dynamic and familiar atmosphere. Students
found the professor to be very engaging and helpful in improving their acting skills. Students wished
there had been more opportunities to act and receive feedback. Suggestions for improvement included
adding more variety to the works studied and rehearsed, as well as creating more opportunities for
students to get up and act. Prospective students are advised to be prepared to memorize lines, but are
assured that the course is helpful and rewarding for everyone.
285
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
WOMEN, GENDER, AND SEXUALITY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.363.201.01
Introduction to the Study of Women, Gender, and Sexuality
Katrin Pahl
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
Students praised this seminar-style course and described it as interesting and an illuminating look at the
history of the feminist movement. Some students thought the course had excessive amounts of readings
and that they could be difficult to follow. Since the class was discussion based, some students felt left
out of the class discussion when they were unable to follow the course's readings. Suggestions for
improvement included multiple requests by students who wanted the class to have more focused
reading assignments. Prospective students should know that students found this course to be focused
on reading and discussion.
AS.363.333.01
The Poetics and Politics of Sex
Lauren Pepitone
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students praised this course for its "round-table" format. Students felt it led to "intellectually
stimulating" discussions on an "incredibly interesting" subject matter. However, some students felt that
the course discussion could be sidetracked or dominated by a handful of students making the
"environment intimidating." Suggestions for improvement included a desire for a change to the course's
required readings, including fewer readings that explored more current issues. Prospective students
should know that the course had a lot of reading and that it focused on in-class discussion.
AS.363.350.01
Gender, Sexuality, and Religion
Joseph Bush
286
WOMEN, GENDER, AND SEXUALITY
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
Students broadly praised this course and its instructor for eliciting great responses and dialogue in this
discussion-focused course. Some students thought the required readings required too much time to
absorb. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for the instructor to take a more active role in
leading and controlling the class discussion. Prospective students should know that students broadly
praised this course but said students needed to have an open mind and had to contribute class
discussions.
287
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2013
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.220.105.01
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Michael Booe
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the open workshops and the exposure to different types of
creative writing. Students found the professor to be very engaging and supporting, helping and inspiring
them in the discussions. Some students found that the readings felt tacked on, and that the course was
rather basic. Suggestions for improvement included a desire for more one-on-one time with the
professor to evaluate how students were doing in the class, as well as clarity about how the works were
scored. Prospective students should take this class for a basic beginner's course in creative writing, and
be prepared to work on improving their creative writing skills.
AS.220.105.02
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Taylor Daynes
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.105.03
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Cody Ernst
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting reading materials, as well as the relaxed setting
of the classroom discussions. However, students felt that the grading system lacked structure, and that
they did not receive enough feedback on their works. Suggestions for improvements included more
288
WRITING SEMINARS
workshop sessions to revise works, as well as more specific guidelines to explain what was expected for
each assignment. Prospective students should be prepared to read and write often.
AS.220.105.04
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Joseph Frantz
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.105.05
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Amanda Gunn
Overall quality of the class: 3.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the open workshop sessions and the in-class discussions to
analyze the readings. Some students found that the grading was confusing or feedback was lacking.
Suggestions for improvement included a desire for more detailed rubrics or explanations of what was
expected for the assignments. Prospective students should be prepared for a relatively heavy but
enjoyable workload.
AS.220.105.06
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Taylor Koekkoek
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the peer review sessions and the feedback provided by the
professor. Students found the small class size especially helpful for getting familiar with the professor
and their fellow students. However, many students were unsure of their grades, and wanted more
freedom in choosing their writing topics. Suggestions for improvement included increasing the number
of writing assignments, as well as providing a more concise list of what each assignment requires for
grading purposes. Prospective students should have an interest in creative writing, and should expect a
relatively low workload for a writing course.
AS.220.105.07
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Molly Lynch
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class sizes that allowed students to get to know their
peers and the professor. Students found the workshops and discussions very helpful when revising their
289
WRITING SEMINARS
works, and thought the professor provided good feedback. However, some students felt the grading
policies were unclear or subjective. Suggestions for improvement included having a rubric or specific set
of guidelines to explain the grading system would be very helpful. Prospective students should be
prepared to read and write a fair amount each week, and to be engaged in the course discussions to get
the most out of the writing workshops.
AS.220.105.08; 12
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Songmuang Greer
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the very fair grading and the many opportunities to receive
feedback. Students found the assignments to be quick, although plentiful. However, some students felt
the schedule was a bit rushed, and that grading was sometimes subjective. Suggestions for
improvement include the inclusion of a grading rubric, as well as a more chances to peer review
assignments. Several students also wanted the discussions to be more interactive and wanted more
ways to participate in class. Prospective students should be prepared to complete a writing assignment
each week, and be sure to show up and participate in each class discussion.
AS.220.105.09; 13
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Gwen Kirby
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the broad overview that provided a good introduction to writing
fiction and poetry. Students also found the workshops informative and the feedback very helpful for
their revisions. Suggestions for improvement included the desire to have workshops before a work was
due to receive advice on how to revise their works. Students also wanted some additional literary
examples and advice to help them see how they could improve their writing. Prospective students
should be interested in learning more about creative writing in general, and be willing to put in time and
effort to complete the assignments.
AS.220.105.10; 14
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Katherine Parr
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class sizes that allowed students to get to know one
another and feel more comfortable during the discussions. Students especially enjoyed the opportunity
to express themselves creatively. However, many students felt that the grading system was too harsh,
and that the course load was excessive for a 100 level course. Suggestions for improvement included
creating a more structured syllabus with clear guidelines on how works were scored. Students also
290
WRITING SEMINARS
wanted more constructive criticism to help them better improve their writing skills. Prospective
students should have a basic knowledge of grammar and writing, and be prepared to write often each
week.
AS.220.105.11; 15
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Callie Siskel
Overall quality of the class: 4.41
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting reading materials, as well as the open
discussions where students could freely voice their opinions. Some students found the pacing of the
class to be odd, with some short stories taking longer than others, and classes that skimmed over
difficult writing concepts. Suggestions for improvement included boosting student participation during
class, and spending more time on fewer assignments to fully edit a work. Prospective students should be
willing to read and write each week, and be prepared to participate in the class discussions to get the
full creative writing and critique experience.
AS.220.105.16; 26
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Joselyn Takacs
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the clearly defined expectations for each piece, which helps
students understand how the grading system worked. Many students found the professor very friendly
and approachable, and spoke with her outside of class to get further insight or assistance on a piece.
Suggestions for improvement included having a more interactive classroom experience through livelier
discussions and writing exercises, as students found that conversation could sometimes dry up.
Prospective students do not need a background in creative writing, but should be prepared to write and
read each week.
AS.220.105.17
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Rahul Kanakia
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the frequent workshop sessions (almost every other class), which
gave students ample time to revise and edit their works. However, some students found the discussions
less helpful, and felt the class was a bit disorganized at times. Suggestions for improvement included
setting up a more structured class schedule to help guide discussions. Prospective students should be
prepared to write often and workshop their pieces on a regular basis.
AS.220.105.18
291
WRITING SEMINARS
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Richard Hofmann
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshop sessions and class discussions, which students
found very helpful when writing their works. Many students found the professor to be very
knowledgeable and approachable when they had questions, although some felt that the feedback they
received was sparse, unhelpful, or subjective. Suggestions for improvement included a faster
turnaround time for papers, as well as a more definitive grading structure so students could see how
they were being graded. Prospective students should love to write and be prepared to write often.
AS.220.105.19
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Nathan McNamara
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the personable and helpful manner of the professor, who truly
wanted to help his students improve their writing skills. Students felt that the readings for the class
were very insightful, and that the workshops helped them receive feedback to use during revision.
Suggestions for improvement included spending more time analyzing the pieces read for class, and
changing the grading system to be less subjective and based on opinion. Prospective students should be
prepared to read, write, and discuss each week, and should have an interest in creative writing.
AS.220.105.20
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Kjerstin Kauffman
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the small class size, which allowed students to give and receive
more individualized feedback on their works during workshops and discussions. Many students liked
how much they had to write, and liked the different writing assignments. Suggestions for improvement
included providing a rubric to cut down on the subjectivity of grading, and breaking the class into
smaller groups to ensure that everyone's work got critiqued during workshops. Prospective students
should be serious about their creative writing, and prepared to write often.
AS.220.105.21
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
John Grasser
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
292
WRITING SEMINARS
The best aspects of this course included the open choice topics for writing, as well as the relaxed
atmosphere of the class setting. Students found the feedback from the professor to be very helpful, and
the workflow constant but doable. Suggestions for improvement include cutting back on the workshops,
which students did not find as helpful as the professor's feedback. Students also felt that more time
could have been spent on the readings. Prospective students should be prepared to write each week
and concentrate on improving their work.
AS.220.105.22; 31
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Amy Arthur
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the active classroom atmosphere and the in-class discussions.
Students also found that the materials were interesting and information. Suggestions for improvement
include providing samples or detailed structure details for some of the assignments, since some of the
students were unsure of the poetic forms they were supposed to use. Students also wanted a bit more
flexibility in the writing prompts, with more free topics. Prospective students should be willing to
commit time to reading and writing each week, and should be interested in learning to write creatively.
AS.220.105.23; 32
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Robert McDonald
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the very detailed, very helpful feedback the professor provided.
Students felt that this feedback helped them improve their writing immensely. Suggestions for
improvement include making the class discussions and workshops more lively, as some students felt that
very few people actually participated. Other students wanted more emphasis on teaching writing
techniques, which they thought also would have helped them improve. Prospective students do not
need a background in creative writing to succeed in this course, but they do need to be willing to give
critiques and present their own works.
AS.220.105.24
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Julia Heney
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the freedom students had when completing assignments.
Students also liked the breadth of reading materials covered in the class. Suggestions for improvement
include increasing the number of in-class writing exercises, as students found these to be more helpful
than analyzing the reading materials. Prospective students should have some creative writing
experience, and be prepared for extensive writing exercises and assignments.
293
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.105.25
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Daniel Stintzi
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's ability to engage the students in a subject many
of them found difficult at first. Students enjoyed the writing workshops and found the discussions to be
useful. However, many of the students found the materials to be older, previously taught pieces, and
felt that the balance between fiction and poetry was off. Suggestions for improvement included
providing new works outside of the Norton Anthology, and spending more time learning about the
structure of writing. Prospective students be prepared to read and write every week, and to participate
in class discussions to get the most out of class.
AS.220.105.27; 33
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Emily Parker
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included having the chance to write creatively each week. Students liked
the opportunity to work on improving their writing skills each week. However, many students felt that
the course lacked substance, and that the feedback they received was not as useful as it could have
been. Suggestions for improvement include providing more constructive criticism, and creating an
advanced or more intensive section of the course for majors looking for a more aggressive way to
improve their writing. Prospective students do not need any experience for this class, but should be
prepared to present and revise their works.
AS.220.105.34
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Yi Xie
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.106.01-02
Fiction/Poetry Writing II
Alexander Creighton
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included the workshops, which provided good
feedback from their peers. Students all enjoyed the professor's enthusiasm and willingness to help
294
WRITING SEMINARS
anyone who had difficulty with the materials. Suggestions for improvement included either lightening
the reading load or committing more time to analysis, as students found that not all of the pieces they
read were discussed. Students also would have liked more feedback, or chances to improve their grades,
either through extra credit or revision. Prospective students should have a strong writing ability and be
able to produce a fair amount of work each week.
AS.220.106.03; 06
Fiction/Poetry Writing II
Jocelyn Slovak
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's in-depth feedback and her earnest wish for
students to improve their writing. Students found that the workload was very doable, and that the
workshops provided some additional feedback from peers. Students found that some of the readings
were tedious, and students who were only taking the course for credit were disinterested in
participating in class. Suggestions for improvement included a more straightforward grading system, as
well as a lightened reading load. Prospective students should be willing to put in the time necessary to
complete the readings and writing assignments each week and be sure to discuss their thoughts during
class.
AS.220.106.04
Fiction/Poetry Writing II
Elizabeth Thompson
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enthusiasm of the professor, who gave excellent feedback
that helped students improve their writing skills. Many students found the class discussions and
workshops to be engaging and informative. Most students thought that the course had an imbalance
between the fiction and poetry sections. Suggestions for improvement included changing the reading list
so that there are fewer or shorter fiction pieces in order to balance the workload. Prospective students
should be prepared to write extensively and should feel comfortable engaging in class discussions.
AS.220.106.05
Fiction/Poetry Writing II
Matthew Morton
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Students' favorite aspects in this course were that students thought that their writing significantly
improved by the end of the semester. The professor was very willing to help with revisions and
provided excellent feedback. Issues with the course included a complaint from some students that the
workload was too heavy in the course. A few students found that the grading was a bit subjective, and
others believed that more time could be spent analyzing poetry or longer works. Prospective students
295
WRITING SEMINARS
should be willing to work hard and put in a lot of effort and should plan for extensive reading and
writing assignments each week.
AS.220.108.01
Introduction to Fiction & Nonfiction
Joanne Cavanaugh-Simpson
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students found the reading materials and the class discussions to be some of the best aspects of this
course. The professor was very engaging and enthusiastic. Some of the students found the readings to
be a bit excessive, so they suggested finding shorter or assigning fewer works to allow for more in-depth
discussions during class. Students who are thinking about taking this class should be prepared to read
and write extensively, but the course is recommended for anyone who wants to improve their writing
skills.
AS.220.200.01
Introduction to Fiction
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size that lead to intimate discussions of works
within a workshop setting. The professor was very good in guiding discussions and keeping the class
interesting. However, students actually found the workload too light, and wanted more opportunities to
write and turn in their own works. Suggestions for improvement included meeting more often to
increase the workshop sessions, to perhaps meeting twice a week. Students also wanted additional
opportunities to write and receive feedback. Prospective students should be interested in improving
their writing abilities by being receptive to criticism and participating in class.
AS.220.200.02
Introduction to Fiction
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's very easy-going and entertaining manner, which
helped class discussions stay light and inspiring. Students found the workshops to be particularly helpful,
and feedback they received on their works was useful. However, some students found the grading
system to be a bit confusing, and that the readings were not very helpful. Suggestions for improvement
included a more specific grading system, as well as additional writing opportunities to critique and
receive feedback on students' works. Prospective students are encouraged to take this class because of
the easy-going atmosphere and helpful workshop sessions that provide ample opportunities for writing
skill growth.
296
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.200.03
Introduction to Fiction
Roderic Puchner
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings and the workshop sessions. Students
found that the criticism they received during these sessions was very helpful when learning how to
improve their skills, and found that the professor had very insightful feedback. Suggestions for
improvement included breaking the session into two weekly classes, one to discuss the readings and one
to discuss peer works. Students also had some confusion about how they were graded. Prospective
students should expect to improve both their writing and critiquing skills, and will learn how to better
incorporate feedback in their revisions.
AS.220.200.04
Introduction to Fiction
Robert Roper
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the breadth of reading materials, which students found to be
both interesting and informative. However, many students found that the uncertain due dates and
response requirements made it difficult to anticipate what the professor wanted, and when. Suggestions
for improvement included guided class discussions, set due dates for papers, and more structure in the
course overall. Prospective students are advised that this course has a strong emphasis on improving
one's writing skills rather than caring about the grade.
AS.220.201.01
Introduction to Poetry
Steve Scafidi
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's enthusiasm, passion, and knowledge about
poetry. Students found his lectures engaging and the workshops very informative. Suggestions for
improvement included changing the schedule to meeting twice a week, and perhaps building in more
workshop times. Students also sometimes found the workload strenuous, so a biweekly meeting would
alleviate some of the reading and writing assignments. Prospective students do not need to know
anything about poetry, they just need a willingness to learn and to stay on top of reading assignments.
AS.220.201.02
Introduction to Poetry
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
297
WRITING SEMINARS
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the writing prompts, which students found fun and inspiring, as
well as the in-class critiques, which students found very helpful for improving their craft. Many students
found the professor to be very helpful when critiquing their work, and feel that their writing has
benefitted immensely from this course. Suggestions for improvement included breaking the class into
two weekly sessions to allow for additional workshop time and critique. Students also wanted more
flexibility in the writing prompts and structures. Prospective students should be comfortable with
receiving critiques, and be willing to complete a large number of poems over the semester.
AS.220.201.03
Introduction to Poetry
James Arthur
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the very small class size, which allowed students to quickly meet
and get to know their peers. This led to intense writing workshops and very helpful critiques.
Suggestions for improvement included exposure to even more types of poetry, as well as a chance to
meet twice a week to allow more time for workshops and reading analysis. Prospective students need to
be comfortable in pushing their limits and learning how to expand their creative writing comfort zones.
AS.220.202.01
Introduction to Nonfiction: Matters of Fact
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the format of the class, which involved collaborative workshops
where peers reviewed and critiqued writings. Students found the materials interesting, but felt that
some of the readings were dry or unhelpful. Suggestions for improvement included proving more
workshop opportunities for students to receive more feedback. Students also wanted more feedback
from the professor to guide revisions and help them improve their writing skills. Prospective students
should already have a strong foundation in writing before taking this class.
AS.220.204.01
Introduction to Dramatic Writing: Film
Roberto Buso-Garcia
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included watching movies in class to analyze the aspects of writing for
film. Students liked that the professor had industry experience and was able to give detailed feedback
on student screenplays. However, many students felt that there was little to no writing, and that the
course should have been workshop rather than lecture-based. Suggestions for improvement included
298
WRITING SEMINARS
increasing the number of workshop sessions, as well as providing more opportunities to write and revise
scripts. This could be achieved by splitting the class into two weekly sessions instead of having one long
session. Prospective students should be aware that the professor has a difficult grading policy for an
introductory course, but that writing in the course is minimal, limited to one script the entire semester.
AS.220.309.01
Writing Healthy Baltimore
Karen Masterson
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.316.01
Seminar: Opinion Writing
Gregory Kane
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
Students found the assigned topics and the flexibility in their writing to be their favorite aspects of this
course. They enjoyed the class discussions where people were encouraged to express and defend their
opinions, and enjoyed the professor immensely. Many students found that class time spent reading
their essays was not useful, and thought that they did not learn much over the semester. Suggestions
for improvement included limiting the time that students read their works aloud and instead committing
more class time to discussing how to write opinion pieces. Students who are considering this course
should have a strong writing skill and be prepared to present their work to the class each week.
AS.220.325.01
Intermediate Fiction: Story and Plot
Katharine Noel
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.327.01
Intermediate Fiction: Characters
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
Some of best aspects of this course included the very open workshops and critiques, which students
believed helped them improve their works and kept the class lively. Students loved the professor, whom
they found provided ample and instructive feedback on their works. Some of the students found that
parts of the class were disorganized, while others wished that there were more writing assignments. To
improve the class, students believed that revisions would be beneficial, and that more focused
299
WRITING SEMINARS
workshops would help cut down on wasted class time. Students considering this class should be
dedicated to improving their writing skills and be willing to give and take criticism.
AS.220.337.01
Intermediate Dramatic Writing: Film
Roberto Buso-Garcia
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students loved that this course gave them the opportunity to work on a full-length script under the
direction of someone with industry experience. They found the exercises and readings to be very helpful
in developing their works, and appreciated all of the feedback they received. The biggest complaint that
most students had was that this would be a better year-long course, as some of the assignments felt
rushed, and they only got to complete 10 pages of their full length scripts. Students suggested that the
course be broken up into two semesters so that they have more time to fully develop their works, and
that they could have used more examples for the exercises they completed. Students believed that the
double semester would also offer more chances to write. Prospective students should be prepared to
work hard and understand that they will spend more time learning how to plan and outline dramatic
works than actually writing a script.
AS.220.377.01
Intermediate Poetry: Poetic Forms
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students found that some of the best aspects of this course included the relaxed manner of the
professor, and the freedom of choosing their poem's topic and style. Students also enjoyed the
workshop sessions, which they found provided valuable feedback. Some of the students believed that
sticking to the poetic forms was restrictive and that workshops could get rushed in order to comment
upon everyone's work. Some suggestions for improvement included extending the workshop times and
cutting down the time discussing published poem, and allowing students the freedom to write beyond
the poetic forms taught in class. Prospective students must be willing to work in rhyme and meter and
be prepared to write and discuss their poetry each week.
AS.220.380.01
Intermediate Fiction: The Scene
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
Students found the class discussions and the workshops to be some of the best aspects of this course.
The professor had helpful insights into the art of writing, and provided good feedback that helped
students improve their writing skills. Many students found that too much time was spent on the reading
materials and not enough time was spent in the workshops. They thought that increasing workshop time
300
WRITING SEMINARS
and decreasing class discussions, or keeping to a stricter, more organized schedule would improve the
class immensely. Students also would have liked more writing assignments, and a bit more direction in
what the professor expected for each assignment. Any student considering this course should know that
although the workload is somewhat light, the writing level is a much higher and more rigorous writing
techniques will be taught over the semester.
AS.220.384.01
Intermediate Nonfiction: I, Me, Mine: American Autobiography
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Students found this course's best aspects to be the immediate work that applied to the autobiography,
as well as the very supportive class atmosphere. Feedback was very helpful for students as they revised
their works, and the small class size meant that everyone got to know each other very well. Students
found that the assigned readings were not helpful and that not much time was spent on reviewing these
materials. Students suggested that it might be more useful to have fewer books with more analysis.
Prospective students should be prepared to create well-thought introspective assignments, and can
expect to write at least 30 pages of their autobiography.
AS.220.389.01
Intermediate Poetry: The Dramatic Element
David Yezzi
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.397.01
Intermediate Poetry: The Lyric
Steve Scafidi
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
Students in this class absolutely loved the professor's enthusiasm and dedication to the subject. They
found the lectures to be stimulating and the assignments to be challenging but fun. Some students felt
that the class was a bit disorganized, especially in regards to the homework assignments, and that the
class was too large to get a work properly critiqued during workshops. Students suggested allowing
more time for workshops and that meeting with the professor during the semester would be very
beneficial to their writings. Prospective students should be prepared for a work-intensive but inspiring
course.
AS.220.401.01
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Matthew Klam
301
WRITING SEMINARS
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of this course included the professor's insightful feedback and
the helpful class discussions. Students remarked that the course was often unorganized and the
workshop reviews were not always effective as more time was spent with the first student's work than it
was on the final work presented. To fix this, students suggested creating a standard workshop
procedure to ensure that everyone's work received equal critique. Students also wanted more writing
prompts and exercises throughout the semester. Prospective students should be interested in producing
a fair amount of work and be able to provide insightful and helpful critiques.
AS.220.401.02
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Brad Leithauser
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.412.01
Readings in Poetry: Eliot, Crane, & Stevens
John Irwin
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.420.01
Readings in Contemporary Fiction: Coetzee, Delillo, Freudenberger, Johnson
Matthew Klam
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
Students found that the reading materials and class discussions were some of the best aspects of this
course. The professor was very engaged with students, and he actively helped keep the discussions lively
and interesting. Students found the lack of feedback disappointing, and that some of the books' subject
matter made certain students uncomfortable. Students suggested giving feedback on at least some of
the works turned in or some constructive criticism. Prospective students should be prepared for
extensive reading and writing each week and to actively pursue feedback from the professor in order to
improve their writing.
AS.220.425.01
Readings in Fiction: The Story Cycle
Roderic Puchner
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
302
WRITING SEMINARS
Summary:
The variety of books and the lively class discussions were the best aspects of this course. Students found
the professor's teaching methods to be very helpful in guiding students through the class discussions,
and that the feedback he provided really helped them improve their writing abilities. Some students
believed that the reading schedule was excessive, and that they could have used more time to get
through the materials. The students suggested reducing the reading list to allow for deeper analysis of
the materials. They also would have liked some workshop sessions to get additional feedback and
critique. Students who plan to take this course should be prepared for intensive reading and writing and
to actively participate in class.
AS.220.426.01
Readings in Poetry: Early Auden and his Contemporaries
James Arthur
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
Students found this course to be extremely engaging and creative. They found the professor to be highly
enthusiastic and knowledgeable, and that he focused on making the subject relatable to the students.
The only complaint that students had was that some of the workshops ran out of time, so not
everyone's work was reviewed in class. Students suggested that it would be helpful to have a bit more
time to complete the readings, and that a bit more variety in materials would be nice. Prospective
students should prepare to read and write extensively but do not need a background in poetry to get
the most out of this class.
303
