JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY
Homewood Course Guide
Summaries of Student Course Evaluations for Spring 2013
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Africana Studies 5
Anthropology 7
Applied Mathematics and Statistics 11
Art 20
Behavioral Biology 24
Biology 26
Biomedical Engineering 32
Biophysics 41
Center for Language Education: Arabic 44
Center for Language Education: Chinese 46
Center for Language Education: Hindi 49
Center for Language Education: Japanese 50
Center for Language Education: Korean 52
Center for Language Education: Russian 54
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering 56
Chemistry 63
Civil Engineering 68
Classics 72
Cognitive Science 75
Computer Science 78
Earth and Planetary Science 89
East Asian 94
Economics 96
Electrical and Computer Engineering 101
2
Engineering Management 108
English 109
Entrepreneurship & Management 118
Film and Media Studies 127
General Engineering 131
Geography and Environmental Engineering 132
German and Romance Languages and Literatures 140
History 163
History of Art 170
History of Science and Technology 174
Humanities 176
Information Security Institute 178
Latin American Studies 180
Materials Science and Engineering 182
Mathematics 188
Mechanical Engineering 194
Military Science 203
Museum and Society Programs 206
Music 208
Nanobiotechnology 211
Near Eastern Studies 212
Neuroscience 214
Philosophy 219
Physics and Astronomy 224
Political Science 230
Professional Communication 239
3
Psychological and Brain Sciences 246
Public Health Studies 253
Sociology 259
Theatre Arts and Studies 264
Women, Gender, And Sexuality Program 268
Writing Seminars 270
4
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
AFRICANA STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.362.175.01
Freshman Seminar: Remembering the Black Power Movement
Floyd Hayes
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the assigned readings, thought provoking class discussions and
the professor. The professor taught the class in an enjoyable manner and students found him to be
engaging and inspiring. The worst aspects of the course included the off-topic class sessions which were
often dominated by the professor, as well as the tough grading system. The course would improve if
there were more student-led class discussions in order to encourage more participation from everyone
in the class. Prospective students should be prepared to think critically in this somewhat writing and
reading-intensive course.
AS.362.204.01
Women in African History
Patricia Romero
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material and that the content gave students insight
into women and the world around them. The worst aspects of this course included the dense and heavy
readings. Also students felt that the class periods were lengthy and that the subject of Women in Africa
was too broad of a topic. The course would improve if there were more readings to familiarize the
students with the discussion topics and also if there were more class discussions. Prospective students
should know that this is an engaging course which has a fair share of reading and weekly assignments.
AS.362.206.01
Research Seminar: Baltimore History from the AFRO Newspaper Archives-Co
Moira Hinderer
5
AFRICANA STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
6
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
ANTHROPOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.070.113.01
Freshman Seminar
Niloofar Haeri
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting class discussions and anthropology lessons. The
worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class periods and off-topic class discussions. The course
would improve if there were different and more interesting readings. The course would also be better if
the topics were broken up into more sections so as to help students delve deeper into each subject.
Prospective students should be prepared for weekly readings and assignments that will make the
subject of anthropology overall very exciting.
AS.070.132.01
Invitation to Anthropology
Emma Cervone, Deborah Poole
Overall quality of the class: 3.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings, class discussion sessions, and the wide
range of anthropology topics covered in class. The worst aspects of this course included the hefty
reading assignments which were hard to follow, as well as the dull lectures. The students had a difficult
time conceptualizing some of the material and the lecturers did not make it easy with their different
teaching styles and unclear expectations. The course would improve if the lectures were better
structured and if the readings were condensed. Prospective students should be prepared for lots of
reading that will aid them in doing well on the writing assignments.
AS.070.262.01
Cuban Intellectuals, Cinema, and the State
Laura Humphreys
7
ANTHROPOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the extremely knowledgeable professor who made the course subject
interesting and enjoyable. Students got to learn about another culture and also discuss in depth with
their fellow classmates. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class times and movies
that were difficult for some students to grapple with. The course would improve if there were provisions
for students to watch the films outside of class and if they had a lighter reading load. Prospective
students should be prepared for lots of reading and film watching to learn about Cuba and other course
related topics.
AS.070.268.01
Anthropology of Health and Disease
Clara Han
Overall quality of the class: 3.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the readings, guest speakers, and exciting class discussions.
Students found the entire course to be compelling and thought provoking. The worst aspects of the
course were the lengthy and disorganized lectures, as well as the hefty weekly reading assignments. The
course would improve if the assigned readings were lessened and if the lectures were clearer.
Prospective students should expect to do a heavy amount of reading and should take notes in class to
help them on the assignments.
AS.070.304.01
Child Adoption and Family Making
Anaid Reyes Kipp
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class discussions and the knowledgeable professor who was
able to effectively engage students. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class time and
hefty amounts of assigned reading. The course would improve if there were more movies and other
types of exciting course material incorporated into the class. It would also improve if there were class
breaks and more focused discussions. Prospective students should expect an interesting and informative
course with lots of reading.
AS.070.317.01
Junior/Senior Seminar
Juan Obarrio
Overall quality of the class: 3.22
Summary:
The best aspect of this fairly relaxed course was the vibrant class discussions. The worst aspect of the
course was the lengthy and ambiguous readings, many of which were politically charged. Students also
8
ANTHROPOLOGY
felt that the course material was dry and not very engaging, making it hard for many of them to get
much out of the class. The course would improve if students received feedback on their work, more
diverse reading assignments, and a clearer structure of the class schedule and assignments. Prospective
students should be aware that the course is reading intensive but fairly laidback with lots of interesting
things to be learned.
AS.070.331.01
Anthropology of Poetry and Prayer
Niloofar Haeri
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the class discussions, exciting course material, and the very
knowledgeable professor who made class productive for students. The worst aspect of the course was
the hefty reading assignments. There also was a lack of structure in the class where assignments and
other requirements were not always clear. The course would improve if the readings were lessened and
if there was more structure overall in the class. Prospective students should expect a great class with
lots of interesting things to learn.
AS.070.344.01
Muslim Societies and Modern States: Ethnographic Encounters
Joseph Bush
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the thought-provoking class discussions. Students learned a lot about
Muslim societies and were also able to develop atypical reading and analytical skills. The worst aspect of
the course was the heavy readings, some of which were complex and difficult for students to keep up
with. The course would improve if students had more guidance on assignments through visual aids like
graphs and charts, as well as a shorter amount of weekly reading to do. Prospective students should
prepare to challenge themselves with lots of readings in this course.
AS.070.414.01
Kinship at the Core
Aaron Goodfellow
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the group discussions and the extremely passionate professor
who showed lots of enthusiasm in teaching the subject. The worst aspect of the course was the hefty
reading assignments. The class discussions were also often lagging because students didn't do the
readings and therefore couldn't effectively participate in the discussions. The course would improve if
students were given more incentives to do the readings. Prospective students should expect to enjoy
the class if they do the readings and should also take advantage of any help the professor will provide.
9
ANTHROPOLOGY
AS.070.420.01
Anthropology of Death and Dying
Veena Das
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the interesting subject material which the professor covered very
articulately. The worst aspect of the course was the tense classroom atmosphere. The professor
encouraged class discussions but often dismissed student contributions on the basis of personal opinion.
The course would improve if the class length were to be shortened or divided and if there were more
group discussions. Prospective students should be aware that the course is reading intensive but if they
put forth effort in the work, they will do well and enjoy the class.
10
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.550.111.01-06
Statistical Analysis I
Vincent Lyzinski
Overall quality of the course: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the manageable workload, the helpful supplemental textbook,
the case studies presented in class, and the instructor's lecturing style that held students' attention.
Some students felt the lectures didn't properly prepare them for exams. One suggestion included having
the lectures follow the exam content more closely. Suggestions also included having the instructor focus
less on theoretical concepts and more on concrete ideas; also, incorporating more interactive activities
into the class and spreading out the material evenly through the semester. Prospective students should
know that the course is not overly math-intensive and that some independent self-teaching from the
textbook is required.
EN.550.112.01-07
Statistical Analysis II
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the course: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the applicable methods taught for effective independent
research, the optional final exam, and the frequent problems sets that provided students with the
opportunity to gauge their understanding and progress. Some students felt that the lectures were often
confusing, that the work done in class did not appear in the textbook, and that the instructor seemed
disorganized. One suggestion was to allow students partial credit on both homework and exam
questions. Another suggestion was for the instructor to make certain he's teaching linearly; not starting
at one place, stopping and then restarting in a new spot. Prospective students should know this is a
math-intensive course and it's a wise idea to brush up on statistical knowledge; also, it's important to
start work on the problem sets as soon as possible.
11
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.171.01-04
Discrete Mathematics
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the course: 3.96
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the examples presented by the instructor, the intriguing
material, the instructor's attentiveness to the students' progress and comprehension of the content,
and learning the basics of constructing functional, effective proofs. One student felt that the instructor
concentrated too much on how proofs were solved via direct means and did not recognize students'
creative completion of difficult problems. Another student wished that all of the problem solutions had
been posted for students. Suggestions included checking TAs grading systems for consistency and
fairness, and clarifying the assignments when given out; many students felt they were vague.
Prospective students should know that the course consists of creating and solving a lot of proofs, but
that the content is fun and engaging, even if one doesn't have an extensive background in mathematics.
EN.550.211.01-05
Probability and Statistics for the Life Sciences
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 3.08
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the helpful teaching assistants, wide-range of statistic
applications lessons, and the supplementary lecture notes. The worst aspects of the course included the
hefty homework assignments, as well as the ineffective textbook. The professor didn't effectively teach
the material and there were inconsistencies between the homework assignments and the types of
content students were tested on. The course would improve if there was a better textbook for the class,
more in-class review problems, and practice homework assignments that were equivalent to the type of
problems student would encounter on exams. Prospective students should know that the course is
challenging and in addition to going to the lectures and section meetings, they should put forth lots of
effort to understand the content.
EN.550.251.01
Math Models/Decision Mkg
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the group presentations and applicable topics that were
learned. The projects allowed the students to get hands-on experience and a deeper understanding of
the material. The worst aspects of the course were the challenging math concepts and the hefty and
tedious homework assignments. The course would improve if the pace were slower so that more
material could be covered, and would also improve if the subjects covered on the last leg of the
semester were transitioned into the course better. Prospective students should know that the course is
great and that they will find it extremely useful if they keep up with all the assignments.
12
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.291.01-02
Lin Alg & Diff Equations
Youngmi Hur
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful teaching assistant and section meetings, as well as
the good amount of practice students got to have with the content through the assignments. The worst
aspects of the course included the difficult course material and homework assignments. The students
felt that the lectures concerning the MATLAB portion of the class were inefficient. The course would
improve if there were more lessons on MATLAB and more practice or review of the challenging
concepts. Prospective students should be prepared for a challenging course, and should try to attend all
lectures and complete all homework assignments to get adequate practice with the concepts.
EN.550.310.01-03
Probability & Statistics for the Physical and Information Sciences & Engineering
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the course: 3.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the informative lectures and thorough class notes. The tests
were straightforward and applicable to what was taught in class and the material was interesting. Some
students felt the required textbook was not useful and that the tests were so difficult that one could
only "ace or fail." One suggestion was for the instructor to slow down. Another suggestion included
incorporating practice exams. Prospective students should have a firm grasp of basic calculus.
EN.550.311.01-03
Prob/Stat-Bio Sci & Eng
Stephen Chestnut
Overall quality of the course: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the real-life applications, examples provided in class, the
instructor's enthusiasm for the material, the instructor's willingness to help, and the applicable
textbook. Some students felt the material was excessively challenging and that the instructor made too
many mistakes while teaching. Students also felt the disparity between the abilities of the TAs was so
great that many of them did not show up for their sections. Suggestions included curving the tests and
incorporating more concrete examples. Prospective students are encouraged to study as often as
possible and attend all lectures/sections.
EN.550.362.01-02
Intro to Optimization II
Donniell Fishkind
13
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Overall quality of the course: 4.69
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's approachability and firm grasp of the content,
as well as the applicability of the material to the "real world." One student felt it was too theory-based.
Another student felt the homework grades were not indicative of one's overall grade and could
therefore develop a false sense of security. Suggestions included providing lecture notes and assigning
the projects earlier in the semester. Prospective students should attend all lectures and let the
instructor know if they do not understand a concept.
EN.550.371.01
Cryptology and Coding
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of the course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the reasonable problem sets and applicable textbook. The
course topics were focused and well-structured, and the course material was very intriguing. Some
students felt the notes should have been posted online. Suggestions included covering number theory
prior to the rest of the material and providing feedback quicker on assignments. Prospective students
should feel comfortable with coding and using MATLAB.
EN.550.386.01
Sci Computing: Diff Equat
Gregory Eyink
Overall quality of the course: 2.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the exposure to various methods of numerical analysis, and the
enthusiastic instructor. Some students felt the requirements were excessive and that the instructor
intentionally overloaded the pupils with a lot of work with little regard to their other classes.
Suggestions included slower pacing throughout the semester and devoting more time to differential
equations, and less to computer representation of numbers. Prospective students will find that prior
experience with MATLAB is beneficial to have.
EN.550.400.01
Mathematical Modeling and Consulting
Nam Lee
Overall quality of the course: 2.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to learn theory as much as application, the
chance to learn R and LaTeX, and the interesting material. Some students felt the instructor was
disorganized and that he didn't clarify expectations of assignments well. Students also felt the instructor
was difficult to follow. Suggestions included moving slower throughout the semester and adhering to a
14
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
structured syllabus. Prospective students should know that the course is work-intensive, and they are
expected to figure out certain concepts independently.
EN.550.420.01-04
Intro to Probability
John Wierman
Overall quality of the course: 3.54
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the many extra credit opportunities, downloaded presentations
for students to study, and the instructor's regular jokes. Some students felt the instructor should have
incorporated more examples during his lectures. Also, students felt the exams were excessively difficult
and too long to complete within the expected amount of time. Suggestions included posting answers to
the practice exams online and providing more examples in class. Prospective students should know this
is a difficult course.
EN.550.426.01-02
Introduction to Stochastic Processes
John Wierman
Overall quality of the course: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material, available extra credit, and exercises
that helped students conceptualize the subject matter. Some students felt the lecture slides were too
often inaccurate, and the example derivations were exceptionally difficult to follow. Some students also
felt the lectures were too theoretical. Suggestions included utilizing Blackboard and incorporating more
application processes into each class. Prospective students should know this course is reading-intensive.
EN.550.428.01
Stochastic Processes and Applications to Finance II
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the course: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's willingness to help and the instructor's precise
presentation of the subject matter. Also, the textbook was very relevant and useful to the class. One
student felt that too many derivations and financial applications were skipped. One suggestion included
moving at a slightly quicker pace. Another suggestion was for the instructor to help students apply
stochastic processes to other financial courses. Prospective students should know this course focuses a
great deal on theory.
EN.550.430.01-03
Intro to Statistics
Daniel Naiman
15
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Overall quality of the course: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the thorough explanation of the concepts. The notes were almost
always immediately available online, the lectures were interesting, and the final was optional. Students
felt that the amount of homework assigned was excessive. Also, students felt the course was far too
theoretical in nature and that more practical applications should have been the primary focus for an
"intro to stats" course. Suggestions included incorporating a TA section and teaching R in the class along
with assigning programming projects. Prospective students should know a prior knowledge of coding in
MATLAB and R is helpful.
EN.550.431.01
Statistical Methods in Imaging
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.434.01
Nonparametric Statistics
Elie Younes
Overall quality of the course: 3.22
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.439.01
Time Series Analysis
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the course: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the many proofs provided in class, the even blend of theory and
application, and the instructor's willingness to help students with the material. Some students felt the
pace of the class throughout the semester was too slow. One suggestion was to provide summary slides
at the end of each chapter. Another suggestion included incorporating more "hands-on" homework
assignments. Prospective students should review the basics of linear algebra and statistical mathematics
before taking this course.
EN.550.445.01
Interest Rate and Credit Derivatives
David Audley
Overall quality of the course: 3.89
Summary:
16
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
The best aspects of this course included the coverage of different topics on credit and interest rate
derivatives. Also, the use of Excel spreadsheets for practical purposes was helpful to the class. Some
students felt that they didn't receive enough feedback from the instructor. One suggestion was to
change up the lecture format from day to day to hold students' attention. Another suggestion was to
incorporate more hands-on work. Prospective students should read Hull's textbook in advance if
possible; it would make the lectures a lot more comprehensible.
EN.550.447.01
Quantitative Portfolio Theory and Performance Analysis
David Audley
Overall quality of the course: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the final presentation in lieu of a final exam. The sections were useful
and the instructor was knowledgeable about the subject matter and always willing to help. One student
felt that not enough feedback was provided to the students. Another student felt the grading system
was not clearly defined. Suggestions included offering summary slides at the end of each chapter and
spending more time on practical portfolio management. Prospective students should have a solid
background in finance.
EN.550.453.01
Mathematical Game Theory
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the course: 3.95
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the instructor's thorough explanations of the material. Students were
provided with practice homework solutions and practice midterms, as well as the opportunity to play
games in class. One student felt the book was too wordy. Another student felt the subject matter was
too theoretical. Suggestions included providing students with practice problems more applicable to the
exams and getting rid of the second midterm. Prospective students should be prepared to work with
theoretical concepts.
EN.550.472.01
Graph Theory
Rico Zenklusen
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the intriguing subject matter. The instructor was open to feedback
and the lectures were well-organized. One student felt that the section was useless. Another student
felt there was too much focus on algorithm creation and run time analysis. Suggestions included
providing more MATLAB problems and offering more practice problems in sections. Prospective
students should know that this course is extremely challenging mathematically because of the abstract
nature of the subject.
17
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.621.01
Probability Theory II
James Fill
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor, because he was able to effectively and humorously
convey very complicated subjects. The worst aspects of the course included the disorganized lecture
notes and fast paced lectures. The professor would sometimes speed through lectures and miss things,
making it hard for students to do the homework write-ups. The course would improve if the lecture
notes were more organized. It would also improve if the professor taught at a slower pace and provided
homework solutions regularly. Prospective students should have a strong background in analysis and
probability theory.
EN.550.631.01
Statistical Theory II
Carey Priebe
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the different material covered, and the professor, who was
open with the class, and was genuinely interested in covering the subjects. The worst aspect of the
course was the occasionally disjointed lectures. The course would improve if there was much more
content written on the board in the form of examples. Prospective students should know a fair amount
of statistics and functional analysis to take this course.
EN.550.636.01
System Identification and Likelihood Methods
James Spall
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.653.01
Commodities and Commodity Markets
Helyette Geman, Gary Schultz
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the comprehensive and practical material students learned. The
professors were knowledgeable and able to convey some of the topics really well. The worst aspects of
the course included the difficult sections and lectures that didn't go in-depth into some of the topics.
The course would improve if there were more systematic lecture notes, solutions to the homework
18
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
problems, and better explanation of the topics from both professors. Prospective students should know
that this course is somewhat challenging and they should have some background in commodities,
finance, and financial derivatives.
EN.550.662.01
Optimization Algorithms
Daniel Robinson
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor and supplemental learning materials. The
professor's lectures were engaging and the notes/slides made available were very helpful to students.
The worst aspect of the course was the fast-paced lectures during the second half of the semester. The
course would improve if there was a better supporting textbook for the class and more practice
examples of some of the problems found in the homework assignments. Prospective students should
ensure they attend all the lectures and spend time practicing the material.
EN.550.672.01
Graph Theory
Rico Zenklusen
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.694.01
Turbulence Theory II
Gregory Eyink
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.723.01
Markov Chains
James Fill
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
19
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
ART DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.371.131.01
Studio Drawing I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the course structure which seemed to offer something for both
drawing enthusiasts and those who had no previous background in drawing. The professor encouraged
creativity and was also very helpful to students. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy
class time, as well as the extra time students had to allot for homework and other assignments. The
course would improve if the class was divided into two sections each week as opposed to just one
lengthy class period. Prospective students should expect a fun course in which they will see
improvement on their drawing if they put forth individual effort.
AS.371.133.01
Painting Workshop I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the practical nature of the class where students got to do specific
assignments that helped them grow in their skills. The professor also provided useful and positive
feedback to all of the students. The worst aspect of the course was the workload in and out of class.
Although students felt the class was great the way it was, the course could improve if it were counted
towards an Art requirement. Prospective students should take this class as it is very enjoyable and not
too difficult.
AS.371.136.01
Drawing : The Portrait
Craig Hankin
20
ART
Overall quality of the class: 4.93
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the wide range of material used in teaching the course, as well
as the fun and challenging atmosphere of the course where students were able to learn about things like
the human skull. The professor showed a lot of care and provided lots of great feedback to students. The
worst aspects of the course included the expressionless models students used to practice their
drawings, and the pricey materials used for some of the drawing. The course would improve if the
course itself was offered with more sections available to students all over the school. Prospective
students should know that this is a great course for anyone to challenge themselves and as long as they
keep up with the work in and out of class, they will see much improvement in their drawing.
AS.371.140.01
Cartooning
Thomas Chalkley
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the laidback and creative atmosphere it opened up for students to
express themselves independently. The professor was passionate, energetic and always willing to help
students. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of class productivity because there were
only two graded assignments, as well as a lack of structure in the grading system. The course would
improve if there were more assignments to encourage productivity and if there were more lessons on
cartooning or animation. Prospective students should know that this is a very fun class and they will get
the best out of it if they put forth effort in every area.
AS.371.151.01
Photoshop/Dig Darkroom
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the hands-on lessons, such as the ones in Photoshop because they
were very practical. The professor allowed a lot of creativity in the class and was very enthusiastic about
the subject as well. The worst aspect of the course was the fact that it was more Photoshop based than
anything else and the students felt that they had to learn the photography portion on their own. The
course would improve if the course focused on more skills and techniques that students would most-
likely use on a regular basis. Prospective students should be prepared to put in a significant amount of
time to learn more of the photography and Photoshop skills in this course.
AS.371.152.01
Introduction to Digital Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
21
ART
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the passionate professor and the class trips that students took
to different places around Baltimore. The worst aspects of the course included its fast pace and the lack
of clarity in some of the assignments. Also, the assignments and deadlines were often unclear to
students. The course could improve if there was a better outline of the course schedule with clearer due
dates and perhaps some more lessons on photography as opposed to Photoshop. Prospective students
should expect to put lots of work into taking pictures and editing them.
AS.371.154.01
Introduction to Watercolor
Caroline Ober
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the class itself as it offered students a creative and relaxed
atmosphere for them to express themselves. Students enjoyed the homework assignments and also the
in-class assignments. The worst aspect of the course was the free-style structure of some of the learning
as students wished they had more lessons on watercolor and painting before they delved into the
practical aspect of it. The class would improve if there were more supporting materials like books or
handouts to help students with the techniques. Prospective students should be prepared for an
awesome class with lots of fun.
AS.371.155.01
Introduction to Sculpture
Larcia Premo
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspect of the course included the diverse types of assignments and projects. Students enjoyed
being able to experiment with different types of materials and were able to get creative in an
independent setting. The worst aspects of the course included the professor who spent lots of time
giving instruction in class due to personal distractions. The course would improve if the professor would
stick to talking about the course only and not go off on tangents. Prospective students should know that
the course involves lots of work, but is very fun and will definitely bring out their creative sides.
AS.371.162.01-02
Black & White: Digital Darkroom
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the passionate professor who seemed to be very knowledgeable
about the subject and always offered up help to the students. Students also enjoyed the class trips and
the lessons on camera usage and Photoshop. The worst aspects of the course included the time-
consuming assignments and the pricey photography prints. The course would improve if the professor
22
ART
provided more feedback and less objective grading. Prospective students should expect to learn
Photoshop and spend lots of time taking photos and editing them outside of class.
AS.371.165.01
Location Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the field trips to various locations and the very passionate
professor who provided students with lots of helpful feedback. The worst aspects of the course included
the untimely feedback the professor provided to students. Most students never knew how they were
being graded in the class or if they were performing well. The course would improve if students were
given clearer grading systems and outlines for the assignments and projects. Prospective students
should know this is a fun course in which they will take lots of photos in great locations all over
Baltimore.
AS.371.303.01-02
Documentary Photography
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the creativity it allowed for students to express themselves
through their work, as well as the hands-on experience it offered. The students also got to take field
trips to different areas in Baltimore. The worst aspect of the course was the mandatory time
commitment students had to dedicate outside of the classroom. The course would improve if the
assignments were spread throughout the semester as opposed to having one heavily weighted final
project. Prospective students should be prepared to spend lots of time outside of class to succeed in this
very enjoyable photography course.
23
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
BEHAVIORAL BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.290.303.01
Brain, Communication & Evolution
Farrah Madison
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the well-organized lectures from an engaging and knowledgeable
professor. Students were able to take what they were learning during the field observations and merge
them with the class lessons very well. The worst aspects of the course included the ambiguous exams
and accompanying grading system. Also, the course grades comprised of only a presentation, midterm
and a final exam, which didn't give students ample opportunities to do well in the course. The course
would improve if students had more guidance on the experimental design and if there were more
assignments and tests available to boost student grades. Prospective students should have some
background in Animal Behavior and should be ready to do lots of reading to be successful in this
somewhat intensive course.
AS.290.420.01
Human Sexual Orientation
Chris Kraft
Overall quality of the class: 4.41
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course material, engaging lectures and
enthusiastic lecturer. Students enjoyed learning the content and thought the professor did a great job in
keeping the class engaged. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy and not so well defined
writing assignments that all seemed to be due around the same time. The course would improve if the
writing assignments were lessened and better explained to students before they were assigned.
Prospective students should expect a fun course with lots of interesting material and writing.
AS.290.490.01
Senior Seminar: Behavioral Bio
24
BEHAVIORAL BIOLOGY
Peter Holland
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the engaging class discussions held in a relaxed class environment.
The professor was very informative and always allowed the students to choose their own discussion
topics. The worst aspect of the course was the early class meeting time as students found it very
inconvenient. The course would improve if there was additional work or quizzes to give students more
incentive to participate in the discussions and learn the material. Prospective students should expect to
learn a lot in a relaxed and engaging class setting.
25
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.020.104.01
Fresh Sem: From Genes to DNA and Back
E Moudrianakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the class discussions and the interactive atmosphere. The worst
aspects of the course included the student-led discussions as not everyone always participated in them.
The readings were very lengthy and the class sessions became repetitive and dull for many of the
students. The course would improve if there were better guided discussions so that everyone could
participate and be excited about participating. Prospective students should expect a generalized bio
course with lots of in-class discussions and presentations.
AS.020.113.01
Freshmen Seminar: Microbes in the Media
Thomas Cebula
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the small class discussions held and facilitated by a very
experienced professor. The professor had so much knowledge in his field and was able to present
interesting and engaging topics in class. The worst aspects of the course were the dull class
presentations and activities which meant there was less teaching going on by the professor. The course
would improve if there were more lectures by the professor, more discussions and more homework or
other types of assignments spread throughout the semester. Prospective students should have an
interest in microbiology and should know that this class is participation and presentation-based.
AS.020.123.01
Genetics, Genomics and Evolution
Joel Schildbach
26
BIOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subjects covered such as genetics, as well as the
lab experiments. The worst aspect of the course was its lack of organization. There were no notes, study
materials or learning materials to help students study for the exams. The course would improve if there
was more structure to the curriculum and provision of supplementary materials to help students retain
the content. Prospective students should be open to learning about biological topics through their own
personal research and should ensure they attend all classes so they won't be lost in the course.
AS.020.136.01-02
Phage Hunting II
Emily Fisher, Joel Schildbach
Overall quality of the class: 4.81
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the overall environment created by the helpful and very
experienced professor. The students got to do lots of hands-on lab activities and were able to learn
about real research and biology related programs going on in the real world. The worst aspects of the
course included the gene annotation assignments which students found boring and tedious, as well as
the monotonous and repetitive structure of the class after some time. The course would improve if
there was a little more time in lab so that more experiments could be done. Prospective students should
expect a fun and exciting class on Phage Hunting in which they will learn so much and appreciate the
applicable experience.
AS.020.152.01-02
General Biology II
Richard McCarty, Rebecca Pearlman, Christov Roberson, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the organized lecture slides, podcasts, and the available
materials for students to get a better grasp of the content. The worst aspects of the course included the
constant biome assignments and the hefty amount of content that had to be learned within short
periods of times. There were often more than 4 chapters in each exam and students felt themselves
having to memorizing too much content for each exam. The course would improve if the lectures were
more focused on specific material and actual content that would be covered in exams. It would also
improve if the biome assignments were completed removed from the course as they were
overwhelming for students and often unrelated to what they were learning. Prospective students should
endeavor to attend all class, take notes, and study very hard as there is a lot of material to cover in the
course.
AS.020.154.01-05
General Biology Lab II
Rebecca Pearlman
27
BIOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the fun and enjoyable labs where students got a chance to learn
hands-on and even do some dissecting. The worst aspects of the course included the time consuming
and occasionally disorganized labs, as well as the insufficient amount of lab materials available. There
were often lots of assignments associated with labs making students to feel rushed and pressured. The
course would improve if the labs were better organized and stocked with enough equipment for
students in the class to use. Prospective students should expect a fairly easy biology lab with lots of
engaging lab experiments and lots of dissections to partake in.
AS.020.162.01
Biology Workshop II
Rebecca Pearlman
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the laidback atmosphere where students learned interesting biology
topics. The worst aspect of the course was the structure, with many of the topics being scattered and
unrelated. Students were often unclear of the course's expectations and felt that some topics were not
covered in enough detail. The course would improve if there were more in-depth lessons on some of the
topics and if the curriculum were better structured. Prospective students should expect a really light
workload in this simple one-credit bio course with lots of exciting material to learn.
AS.020.306.01
Cell Biology
Emily Fisher, Trina Schroer, Kathryn Tifft, Beverly Wendland
Overall quality of the class: 3.98
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were that resources were widely available to the students, and the
instructors' willingness to help. Students appreciated the recitations, online lecture summaries/notes,
and the instructors' knack for making lectures both interactive and interesting. Some students felt that
the rapidity of concepts covered made the content difficult to grasp, that the amount of memorization
required was unreasonable, and that the exams were worded, phrased and/or structured in a deceiving
manner. Suggestions for improvement included adding the option for students to drop his/her lowest
test grade, assigning more homework to enhance student test preparedness, and having the lessons
aligned so that the delivery of information is more fluid when being taught by different instructors.
Prospective students should be prepared to study hard, keep up with the reading assignments, and take
full advantage of recitations and office hours.
AS.020.312.01
Intro to the Human Brain
Edward Hedgecock
Overall quality of the class: 2.94
28
BIOLOGY
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the tests that reliably corresponded with class content and the
availability of lecture notes on Blackboard. Some students appreciated the 6-assessment grading system
because it provided multiple opportunities to raise their grade while some students felt that the six
assessments given were too frequent and demanding. Also, a number of students mentioned that the
instructor was too soft-spoken, often making it difficult to follow along during a lecture. Suggestions for
improvement included returning assessment grades faster and providing a clearer, more organized
method for delivering lectures. Prospective students are encouraged to take advantage of the available
study guides and PowerPoint slides.
AS.020.316.01-10
Cell Biology Lab
Robert Horner
Overall quality of the class: 3.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were labs that aligned well with the content being taught in class, the
thorough directions provided for each experiment, and the self-explanatory lab manuals. Students also
appreciated the relevant hands-on experience and learning how to use a microscope. Some students felt
that having their grade rely so heavily on the practical was unfair and that it created a competitive
environment in the laboratory. Suggestions for improvement included lessening the weight of the final
grade percentage on the practical and restructuring the course so that grades are not primarily reliant
upon student performance. Prospective students should be prepared to study, devote a good deal of
time to the lab, and predominantly focus on his/her performance on the practical.
AS.020.332.01
Photosynthesis by Land and Aquatic Organisms
Robert Horner, E. Moudrianakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the engaging, often fun lectures coupled with the intriguing course
material. The students appreciated that the instructors provided content in relatable, relevant ways.
Some students felt that it was difficult to know where their grades stood because exams were not
returned to them. Suggestions for improvement included regularly providing feedback on students'
grades and performances and offering opportunities, more than 2 exams, for students to improve their
grade percentages. Prospective students should be aware that their grades are based solely on two
exams and that attending the class is absolutely crucial.
AS.020.337.01
Stem Cells & the Biology of Aging & Disease
Barry Zirkin
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
29
BIOLOGY
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the guest lecturers whose diverse lessons both provided
comprehensive knowledge of the course content and engaged students in lectures on cutting-edge
research and theories. Some students felt that the grading system was inconsistent. Suggestions for
improvement included adhering to a grading system at the beginning of the semester and providing
assignments through the duration of the course to improve students' grade percentages. Prospective
students should be aware that attendance is crucial because of the amount of material covered in each
class.
AS.020.346.01
Immunobiology
Michael Edidin
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the instructor's thorough, often entertaining lectures. Also, the
integration of information delivered both from the texts and the lectures provided the students with a
reliable, comprehensive understanding of the immune system. Some students felt that the instructor
covered the material too fast, and that due to the rapidity of his writing on the blackboard, it was
difficult to follow along. Suggestions for improvement included providing students both with pre-lecture
notes and access to past exams. Prospective students should be prepared to read the text thoroughly,
take effective notes, and attend each lecture.
AS.020.363.01
Developmental Biology
Carolyn Norris, Mark Van Doren
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing material covered, the engaging manner in which
the instructors delivered the information, and in particular, the lectures given by Dr. Van Doren.
Students appreciated that previously-learned content was integrated comprehensively into the course
material. Some students had trouble following the lectures of Dr. Norris. Suggestions included assigning
homework in order to give students the opportunity to raise his/her grade while simultaneously
checking their comprehension of the material and utilizing a different textbook. Prospective students
should be prepared to take notes during lecture, attend class, and pay attention.
AS.020.370.01
Emerging Strategies and Applications in Biomedical Research
Samer Hattar
Overall quality of the class: 3.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting, relevant material that was both current and
cutting-edge; the instructor had great enthusiasm while lecturing, as well as his availability to help
30
BIOLOGY
outside of class. Students appreciated that the material focused a great deal on various means of
research methodology. Many students felt that the instructor did not provide consistent, sufficient
feedback. Suggestions included giving students regular feedback on their progress and returning graded
work sooner rather than at the end of the semester. Prospective students should be prepared to do a
good deal of reading/analyzing research literature and to come in with a solid understanding of cell
biology, biochemistry, and genetics.
AS.020.373.01-04
Developmental Biology Lab
Carolyn Norris
Overall quality of the class: 3.51
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging, often fun lab experiments and that the class
projects provided a certain level of independence that students found both encouraging and invaluable.
Some students felt that Dr. Norris was not available enough. Students also mentioned that many of the
lab experiments were not completed. Suggestions included more feedback throughout the project
duration and better management/organization of the class. Prospective students should be well-
organized in preparation for independent experimentation.
AS.020.420.01
Build-a-Genome
Jef Boeke, Karen Zeller
Overall quality of the course: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.020.442.01-02
Mentoring In Biology
Rebecca Pearlman, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the course: 4.61
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the opportunity to mentor others and improve
interpersonal skills while simultaneously reviewing fundamental biology concepts. Some mentors felt
that not enough students took advantage of this service. Suggestions included finding a way to make
this service more appealing to those who would benefit from the program. Also, one suggestion was to
require that students check out the biome equipment. Prospective mentors should know that it's
important to keep up with the material students are learning and that taking this course is a beneficial
opportunity to review and relearn fundamental biology concepts.
31
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.580.112.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the course: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the exposure to various disciplines of engineering and business,
the hands-on work and real-life applications, as well as the immersion into biomedical engineering as
part of a design team. Some students felt the lectures were inefficient. Students also felt they were not
given enough time before the instructor announced a deadline for an assignment. Suggestions included
better organization and elimination of the quizzes. Prospective students should know that being part of
a design team in this class is a huge commitment, but they will find the experience incredibly beneficial.
EN.580.200.01
Introduction to Scientific Computing in BME using Python, Matlab, and R
Michael Beer
Overall quality of the course: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fundamental components of computer science languages,
the comprehension and ease with which the instructor introduced the material, the helpful and relevant
textbook utilized, and the comprehensive content that helped familiarize students with a variety of
programming languages. One student felt as though the instructor took too long to post grades online.
Another student felt that assignments not given from the textbook were often unclear and difficult to
understand. Suggestions included making a conscious effort to distribute the work evenly throughout
the semester and incorporating more lessons with MATLAB. Prospective students should know that
having background experience in computer programming is not necessary, but is extremely helpful.
EN.580.202.01
BME in the Real World
Aleksander Popel
32
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the course: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the opportunity to learn about the various fields of BME from
professionals, as well as the intriguing material and guest lecturers. The class provided insight into the
kinds of careers a person with a Biomedical Engineering degree can expect. One student felt that there
were not enough opportunities for pupils to interact with the guest speakers. Other students felt that
the class was cancelled too often and with too little notice. Suggestions for improvement included
incorporating group discussions and encouraging more participation. Prospective students should know
that this course is invaluable to future BMEs, but is not strictly for them.
EN.580.212.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the course: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity students had to work in a team, as well as the
critical and creative thinking that was encouraged. One student felt that the lectures were not relevant.
Other students felt the presentation feedback was unhelpful and that the course was somewhat
disorganized. The course would improve if there was better communication between the instructor and
the students. Prospective students should know that this course requires a lot of time outside of the
classroom working with fellow pupils.
EN.580.222.01-06
Systems and Controls
Michael Miller, Sridevi Sarma
Overall quality of the course: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the book of lecture notes provided at the beginning of the
semester, and the challenges -- particularly theoretical -- brought forth by the instructor during lectures;
also, both instructors made their expectations clear while presenting the material in engaging, thought-
provoking ways. Some students felt they would have benefitted from more focused, concrete examples
in the systems section of the course. Other students felt that, at times, the instructors would either skip
through or skim over important derivations. Suggestions included providing more concrete examples,
focusing on applications, and giving students a book of "important concepts" for the controls portion of
the class. Prospective students should know linear algebra and differential equations; they should not
fall behind in the reading and that it's beneficial to meet with the instructors during their office hours if
they get stuck on difficult material.
EN.580.223.01-06
Models & Simulations
Michael Beer, Aleksander Popel
33
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the course: 3.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the material that covered a logical progression and that the
models and examples were both interesting and applicable to real situations; also, students appreciated
the opportunity to collaborate on the homework, that the instructor's manner of lecturing made
concepts easier to comprehend, and that the two halves of the class complimented each other well.
Some students felt that switching instructors halfway through the year made it difficult to learn new
concepts; the homework expected in the second half of the course required unreasonable algebraic
manipulation; there were not enough opportunities to work with biological applications; the exams did
not reflect the lectures or assignments, and that the lectures were a bit dry. One suggestion included
posting videos/recordings of previous lectures. Another suggestion was for the instructors to
incorporate more clicker questions into the lectures. Prospective students should know differential
equations, have experience with MATLAB, and be willing to work in collaborative teams on the
homework assignments.
EN.580.312.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the course: 3.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included learning the engineering product development process, getting
the opportunity to design a useful product, and developing a viable business strategy to market the
device students created. One student felt that the instructor didn't provide much guidance regarding
presentation expectations. Some students felt the class was structurally disorganized. Suggestions
included providing notifications regarding presentation format and deadlines, providing students with
more useful feedback, and incorporating meetings with sponsors and advisors. Prospective students
should know that this course is time-consuming but being on a design team, according to former pupils,
is an invaluable experience.
EN.580.412.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the course: 3.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included it being design-oriented, not textbook-oriented; also, students
appreciated the opportunity to work in groups and interact with people who are experts in their specific
BME field. One student felt that not all team judges were aware of the presentation rubrics or
knowledgeable of project subject matter. Some students felt the lectures were disorganized and rushed.
Suggestions included incorporating laboratory time for students to spend on projects, and making
faculty members available to assist students with difficulties. Prospective students should know that in
order to be successful in this class, significant time commitments are a must, especially since faculty
assistance is limited.
34
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.414.01
Design Team/Team Leader
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the course: 3.69
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the freedom to pursue a project along with the financial and
expert support of faculty members. Students also appreciated the opportunity to be creative alongside
fellow pupils. Some students felt the course was poorly organized and that the grading was
disproportional to the amount of work they completed. One suggestion was to require the project
judges to provide constructive feedback. Another suggestion was to provide a clearer delineation
between what is taught and what is expected on tests and exams. Prospective students should know
that this course requires a lot of time-commitment outside of the classroom but the experience of
working alongside ones' peers is invaluable.
EN.580.420.01
Build-a-Genome
Joel Bader, Jef Boeke, Karen Zeller
Overall quality of the course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on experience, the workflows that were laid out in an
organizational way, and the instructors, who were very approachable and eager to help. One student
felt that the work was sometimes tedious and repetitive. Another student felt the grading system was
unclear. Suggestions included providing reading material on some of the concepts discussed in class and
giving students a clearer explanation of the grading system. Prospective students should know the class
requires a good deal of time outside of class, but it's a definite for those who would like experience with
Wetlab.
EN.580.422.01-04
Systems Bioengineering II
Eileen Haase, Xiaoqin Wang
Overall quality of the course: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting and engaging lectures, the exposure to a wide
variety of topics without much repetition, and the opportunity to learn from multiple lecturers. Some
students felt the quality between the various lecturers was astounding and that the 50 minute midterm
was excessive. One student felt that, for an engineering course, there wasn't enough math involved.
Suggestions included eliminating the final as cumulative, creating homework assignments that mirror
the exam questions, and reducing the amount of questions for some of the labs. Prospective students
should have some MATLAB experience and be prepared to use it outside of class; also, they should find
a reliable partner with whom to complete the labs, otherwise they may find themselves doing all of the
work.
35
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.424.01-04
Systems Bioengineering Lab
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the course: 3.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the labs that could potentially help integrate material learned in
SBE with practical experience, the opportunity to conduct human research on oneself, and the intriguing
and applicable labs. Some students found it frustrating when lab equipment didn't work. Some students
felt the feedback from the instructor was too late; her expectations were often unclear and the labs
were unorganized. Suggestions included providing students with clearer expectations pre-lab,
eliminating the Winslow lab, and making the exams worth less credit. Prospective students should know
that it's vitally important for them to read all the pre-lab information, to allocate a good deal of time to
experiments and write-ups and to come to labs as prepared as one can possibly be.
EN.580.442.01
Tissue Engineering
Jennifer Elisseeff, Warren Grayson
Overall quality of the course: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the material covered during lectures that was both interesting
and relevant to tissue engineering research and applications; also, students appreciated the opportunity
to learn about the current methods that researchers are using to develop different types of tissues and
the chance to hold organs. Some student felt frustrated by the constant course schedule change and the
fact that many of them did not know the instructor's expectations in regards to grading. Also, some
students felt that the class was disorganized. Suggestions included integrating material from the two
lecturers together to get a more comprehensive overview of the topic, using Blackboard to post grades
and keeping homework assignments in separate folders, and providing students with clearer lecture
slides. Prospective students should plan ahead and organize their time in order to properly prepare for
the exams and effectively complete the midterm paper  the outcome of both is a large percentage of
one's grade.
EN.580.452.01
Cell & Tissue Eng Lab
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the course: 3.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on experience, tangibly learning about tissue
engineering in the lab, and the diversity of topics explored. A couple students felt that the lab
equipment wasn't up-to-date. One student felt the instructor could have made better use of class time.
Suggestions included procuring new equipment and incorporating more lecture time. Prospective
students should know that this is a useful course for anyone interested in cell and tissue engineering.
36
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.455.01-02
Introduction to Orthopaedic Biomechanics
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the course: 2.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting subject matter and the guest lecturers. Many
students felt the instructor seemed unorganized, that the lecture material had little to do with the
homework, the quizzes didn't test content from class, and that the instructor was unclear about what
his expectations were. One suggestion was to incorporate a design project with better structure.
Another suggestion included implementing some sort of organizational plan on the instructor's part.
Prospective students are encouraged to manage their time with this course as best as they possibly can.
EN.580.466.01
Statistical Methods in Imaging
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.491.01
Learning Theory
Reza Shadmehr
Overall quality of the course: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.581.01
Senior Design Project
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the course: 2.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on engineering experience and the opportunity to
apply one's knowledge of material learned in prerequisite courses. One student felt there was not
enough guidance from the instructor. Another student felt that he/she had to figure a lot of things out
on his/her own and without the instructor's feedback or support. Suggestions included eliminating
having to go to design lecture and providing students with more guidance throughout the semester.
Prospective students are encouraged to get ahead of schedule with their design planning and execution.
EN.580.603.01
Special Topics in Bioengineering Innovation & Design
Soumyadipta Acharya
37
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.606.01
The Business of Bioengineering Innovation & Design
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.612.01
Medical Device Design and Innovation
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the freedom given to students on their individual projects, as
well as the different opportunities students were exposed to in the field. The worst aspect of the course
was its seemingly disorganized structure. The class requirements were not effectively communicated
and students were not really directed on any of their assignments. The course would improve if it were
better organized and if requirements were properly communicated. Prospective students should expect
to spend most of the class working on a project which involves lots of research, report writing, reading,
and presentations.
EN.580.620.01
Principles and Practice of Global Health Innovation and Design
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.630.01
Theoretical Neuroscience
Kechen Zhang
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.642.01
Tissue Engineering
Jennifer Elisseeff, Warren Grayson
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
38
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the guest lecturers and the class discussions. The worst aspects
of the course included the hefty and challenging homework assignments, as well as the exams. The
students felt like the lecturers tried to cover so much material in a short time, making the course feel
rushed. The course would improve if the syllabus was clearer and more organized with perhaps, a more
streamlined approach with the homework assignments and projects. Prospective students should expect
a challenging but manageable engineering course in which they will be successful if they put forth the
effort.
EN.580.688.01
Foundations of Computational Biology & Bioinformatics II
Rachel Karchin
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the practical, assignments, and lectures. The worst aspects of
the course included the dull fast-paced lectures and lengthy homework assignments. Students found
themselves learning the material on their own and therefore were not motivated to actively engage in
the lectures. The course would improve if there were more supportive texts and materials for students
to learn the content, as well as more assignments and lessons on some of the problems. Prospective
students must be familiar with programming and should prepare for lots of work to be successful in this
course.
EN.580.691.01
Learning Theory
Reza Shadmehr
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting material that was well covered in lectures and
the assignments that helped to reinforce the material. The worst aspects of the course included the
hefty and sometimes unclear homework assignments. Students also felt that some of the mathematical
concepts used to teach the course were weak. The course would improve if some of the mathematical
concepts were reviewed before incorporating them into the lessons so that students could understand
how they are integrated into learning theory. Prospective students should be comfortable with linear
algebra, probability, dynamic systems, and statistics before taking this course.
EN.580.737.01
Distinguished Lecture Series in Computational Medicine
Feilim Mac Gabhann, Sridevi Sarma
Overall quality of this course: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
39
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.802.01
Rsrch in Biomed Engr
Kevin Yarema
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
40
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
BIOPHYSICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.250.106.01
Intro Biomed Rsch/Careers I
P Huang
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the guest speakers who provided insightful views into the field.
Also, the professor and the guest speakers always engaged in amazing dialogue which allowed students
to participate and learn. The worst aspect of the course was the scheduled class time which was late
enough to sway students from paying attention. The course would improve if the class was scheduled
earlier in the day and if students had more guidance on their term papers. Prospective students should
expect a fantastic course with a light workload and lots of great guest speakers.
AS.250.205.01
Introduction to Computing
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the general overview of computing language it provided students. The
worst aspects of the course included the lack of feedback on assignments and the lack of adequate
coverage on certain topics in class. Students felt that the course was somewhat disorganized and that
the assignments had vague deadlines. The course would improve if the overall structure of the class was
sorted out to have more effective use of class time. Prospective students should expect some challenge
and be willing to dedicate some extra time to learning the material.
AS.250.253.01
Protein Engineering and Biochemistry Lab
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
41
BIOPHYSICS
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.250.265.01
Introduction to Bioinformatics
Patrick Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting course material and the professor. The lectures
were informative and well-organized. The worst aspects of the course included the assigned lab readings
and the difficulty level of the course for students who did not have prior Biochemistry knowledge. The
course would improve if there were more homework assignments and exams spread throughout the
semester to give students a better understanding of the concepts. Prospective students should ensure
they attend all classes and keep up with the lectures and labs.
AS.250.300.01
Intro Biomed Rsch/Careers II
P Huang
Overall quality of the class: 4.90
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging guest lectures and exciting topics. The worst
aspects of the course included the lack of feedback on assignments and the class's scheduled time.
Students were also not very active in the lectures and discussions. The course would improve if students
had feedback on their assignments and perhaps background information on all guest lecturers so that
they could initiate interesting questions and have good discussion sessions. Prospective students should
expect an easy course in which they will learn insightful information about Biomedics.
AS.250.307.01
Biochemistry
Patrick Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the friendly and knowledgeable professor, as well as the
discussions and concepts focused on in class. The worst aspects of the course were the dense readings
and difficult quizzes. The quizzes were worth a high percentage of grades and many of the students
found the material very difficult. The course would improve if the grading system could be revisited and
if there were more lessons and practice problems on the material. Prospective students should know
that this course is time consuming because there is lots of studying to do.
AS.250.372.01
Intro Biophysical Chem
Doug Barrick
42
BIOPHYSICS
Overall quality of the class: 4.72
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the lecturer and the subject material. The professor delivered good
lectures and kept the class engaged in the challenging material. The worst aspects of the course
included the somewhat complex exams and concepts that some students struggled to grasp. The course
would improve if there was more review or training on the mathematical programs. It would also help if
the homework assignments could be reviewed to help students better understand. Prospective students
should ensure they attend all classes and constantly review the concepts to do well in this fairly
interesting course.
AS.250.411.01
Advanced Seminar in Structural Biology of Chromatin
Gregory Bowman
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included working with the PyMOL program and learning applicable
research evaluating methods. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of feedback on the
weekly homework questions and the hefty readings. There was a lot of work to keep up with in the class
and at times the PyMOL assignments were hard to follow. The course would improve if the students had
better study guides and supplemental assistance with assignments and concepts. Prospective students
should know that this course offers an effective way to help them communicate scientific ideas and it
involves lots of reading.
43
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
ARABIC DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.375.116.02-03
First Year Arabic II
Fadel Abdallah, Khalil Tahrawi
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the helpful professors, the small class size, and the laidback
environment in which students got to learn the content. The worst aspects of the course included the
excessive focus on homework assignments and the unorganized format in which students received their
assignments. They were not always clear on what was due and when it was due. The course would
improve if there were more listening and speaking practice assignments, as well as a better class
structure. Prospective students should expect the language to be fairly difficult and should allot lots of
practice time outside of class.
AS.375.216.01-02
Second Year Arabic II
Fadel Abdallah
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size, the kind professor, and the overall
classroom atmosphere. The worst aspect of the course was the excessive emphasis on the textbook
which prevented students from doing much learning outside of class. Students felt there was not
enough speaking and grammar practices to help them actually learn the language. The course would
improve if students had more practice assignments and lessons to help reinforce their knowledge of the
language. Prospective students should ensure they motivate themselves in the class and outside of class
because the language is not an easy one to learn.
AS.375.302.01
Third Year Arabic II
Fadel Abdallah
44
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: ARABIC
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enthusiastic professor and the small community-size
atmosphere created in the classroom. The worst aspects of the course included the language itself as
students found it very difficult to grasp. Also, the students believed they didn't learn as much as they
could have because there were not enough incentives to do the work. The course would improve if
students had more practice assignments that forced them to speak and write in Arabic. Prospective
students should expect an interesting class, but must be prepared to learn the tough language.
45
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
CHINESE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.373.112.01-02
First Year Heritage Chinese II
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the effective and constant use of the language in dialogue and in
writing. The professor showed lots of enthusiasm for the course and created a relaxed atmosphere for
the students to learn the material. The worst aspects of the course included the amount of work and
memorization students had to do. The course would improve if there were more writing and oral
practice exercises. Prospective students should be prepared to do the work and study hard in order to
be successful in this course that assumes previous Chinese background.
AS.373.116.01-04
First Year Chinese II
Lu Li, Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the helpful professors and the friendly environment created for the
students to learn the material. The constant quizzes and conversation practice really helped ensure the
students were retaining the material. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy course load
and assignments which some students found difficult to keep up with. The course would improve if the
classes were smaller and if perhaps the teaching went at a pace that students could keep up with.
Prospective students should prepare themselves for the heavy workload.
AS.373.212.01-02
Second Year Heritage Chinese II
Aiguo Chen
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
46
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: CHINESE
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the clear grading structure and the ample opportunities for
students to improve on their Chinese through written and listening exercises. The worst aspects of the
course were the heavy amounts of vocabulary that had to be memorized, along with the lack of clarity
on some assignments and grammar structures. The course would improve if there were more
opportunities for students to practice the spoken language and if there was more clarity on
assignments. Prospective students should be prepared for a fair amount of work that involves lots of
speaking, writing, and listening exercises.
AS.373.216.01; 03
Second Year Chinese II
Aiguo Chen, Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the fun class atmosphere in which students were able to learn
Chinese. Both professors showed a lot of enthusiasm for the course and were genuinely interested in
helping the students master the language. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy workload
and the quick pace that the students had to learn and review the information. The course would
improve if it went at a slower pace and if there were more activities like field trips to give students more
opportunities to practice the language and have conversations in Chinese. Prospective students should
endeavor to constantly review the material and stay on top of the seemingly heavy workload to fully
enjoy the experience.
AS.373.314.01
Third Year Heritage Chinese II
Aiguo Chen
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the applicable topics that were discussed in class. The professor
was extremely enthusiastic about the course, very helpful to students, and always gave useful feedback.
The worst aspects of the course included the frequent essay assignments and heavy quiz load which was
always filled with a high level of vocabulary words that students had to memorize. The course would
improve if the class were more structured at a better pace and with more activities that encouraged
student participation. Prospective students should know that the course is relatively manageable and as
long as they spend time studying the material, they will be successful.
AS.373.316.01
Third Year Chinese II
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
47
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: CHINESE
The best aspect of the course was the professor who showed genuine excitement for the material and
the students. The professor was really helpful and engaged the class in meaningful class discussions and
topics. The worst aspects of the course included the frequent assignments and the infrequent meeting
times. The course would improve if the class met more often and if the class length was perhaps,
shortened. Prospective students should be prepared to attend every class, challenge themselves, and
complete every assignment for a successful semester.
AS.373.416.01
Fourth Year Chinese II
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the caring and passionate professor. The classes were fun but also
informative, and many students learned a lot. The worst aspect of the course was the slow pace in
which the class went because students didn't have much work to help them improve on their skills. The
course would improve if there could be more variety in the form of textbooks and different class
discussions. Prospective students should know that this course involves lots of little typed essays and is
somewhat of a refresher course for those who have already some knowledge of the language.
48
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
HINDI DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.381.102.01-02
Beginning Hindi II
Uma Saini
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the interactive and enthusiastic professor whose teaching methods
were very helpful to students. The worst aspect of the course was the fast pace the class often went in.
There were constant assignments and quizzes which made students sometimes confused. The course
would improve if there were more supplemental activities and assignments in order to take the focus off
of the quizzes. Prospective students should prepare to spend lots of time practicing the language and
ensure they always do the homework assignments.
AS.381.202.01
Intermediate Hindi II
Uma Saini
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
49
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
JAPANESE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.378.116.01-03
First Year Japanese II
Mayumi Johnson, Makiko Nakao
Overall quality of the course: 4.48
Summary:
One of the best aspects of this course was how the conversation class helped students learn and
understand the language. Students also appreciated the instructors' enthusiasm. Some students felt
that the daily homework assignments were a bit tedious. Suggestions included giving students the
option to check their grades/progress online and allowing students more time to prepare for quizzes.
Prospective students should practice as often as possible, keep up with the work, and ask the instructors
for help as needed.
AS.378.216.02
Second Year Japanese II
Satoko Katagiri
Overall quality of the course: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the extensive examples provided for each lesson and the daily
practice of new language material (grammar and vocabulary). Students also appreciated the small
instructor/student ratio. Some students felt that the conversational class structure was too loose and
that not enough time was devoted to lectures. Suggestions included giving feedback during
conversational class and making extra credit work available. Prospective students should be prepared to
have fun, but to also devote a lot of time and energy into the coursework.
AS.378.316.01
Third Year Japanese II
Satoko Katagiri
Overall quality of the course: 3.25
50
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: JAPANESE
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
51
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
KOREAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.380.102.01
First Year Korean II
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the approachable and effective professor who taught at a steady
pace for students to understand the material. The classroom activities were fun and useful for the
students to grasp the language fairly well. The worst aspects of the course included the quizzes as they
were solely based on vocabulary that many students were not always comfortable with. The course
would improve if there were more listening and speaking projects, as well as more class time to learn
the language. Prospective students should expect a great class in which they will improve on their
Korean language skills if they show interest in the course and do all of their assignments.
AS.380.202.01
Second Year Korean II
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.85
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the helpful, kind, and organized professor, whose effective teaching
skills helped students enjoy the learning. The worst aspect of the course was the fast pace the class
went, as some students felt the work was at times rushed and hefty. Also students were on different
levels in their understanding of the language and wished they had some more practice with speaking
and conversing in Korean. The course would improve if there were more class discussions and more
class time to cover the material. Prospective students should have a previous background in Korean and
should complete all the assignments efficiently to do well in the course.
AS.380.302.01
Third Year Korean II
Choonwon Kang
52
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: KOREAN
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
53
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
RUSSIAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.377.132.01
Elementary Russian II
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the fast pace in which students got to learn the Russian language. The
professor was amazing and students found her very helpful. The worst aspects of the course were the
daily homework assignments and the early morning class period. The course would improve if there was
more creativity with the learning and less dependency on the textbooks. Prospective students should be
prepared for a fast-paced course with lots of homework and quizzes to help them learn the language
quickly.
AS.377.209.01
Advanced Russian Grammar
Annalisa Czeczulin
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the approachable and helpful instructor and the manageable tests
that were preceded by lots of practice. The worst aspects of the course included the class grammar
projects and the extensive focus on the textbook. The course would improve if there were more
speaking exercises in class. It would also help the course if there was less emphasis on the textbook, so
that students would be given more creative ways to learn the language. Prospective students should be
prepared for the daily work-load in this enjoyable Russian language course.
AS.377.318.01
Chekov and the Short Story
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
54
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: RUSSIAN
This course had 5 or fewer students.
AS.377.396.01
Senior Seminar II: Russian Poetry
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
55
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.540.202.01-02
Introduction to Chemical & Biological Process Analysis
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the course: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's enthusiasm and the ways in which the
instructor tied the subject material into the lectures and assignments. Some students felt that the
amount of homework assigned was excessive. One student felt the PILOT sessions were not useful since
the examples solved were not 100% representative. Suggestions included providing more consistent
tests and varied examples, as well as incorporating more graphics/videos to show how chemical
engineers analyze processes in the real world. Prospective students should know this is a good course in
which to determine whether chemical engineering is one's ideal focus or not.
EN.540.203.01-02
Engr Thermodynamics
Joelle Frechette
Overall quality of the course: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-depth exposure to thermodynamic concepts, the
generous course policies, the applicable homework problem sets, and the instructor's enthusiasm for
the course material. Some students felt that the amount of time outside the classroom required to
complete homework was excessive and frustrating. One suggestion included incorporating a discussion
on "big picture" topics: applications and implications of the thermodynamic principle. Another
suggestion included eliminating the current textbook and using one that is less antiquated and easier to
follow. Prospective students are encouraged to take thorough notes, to ask for help with assignments,
and to get an early start on the problem sets.
EN.540.301.01
Kinetic Processes
56
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
Honggang Cui
Overall quality of the course: 4.28
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's consistent requests for student feedback; also,
students appreciated the useful textbook and the intriguing material. Some students felt the coding
assignments were too tedious. One student felt that Polymath was inconvenient for students who used
Macs. Suggestions included incorporating more MATLAB training/guidance and less reliance on
PowerPoint lectures. Prospective students should know the course is heavily concept-based and coding
is an essential facet.
EN.540.301.02
Kinetic Processes
An Goffin
Overall quality of the course: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the clear application of previously-learned material, the
organized lectures, and the relevant, easy-to-understand textbook. Some students felt that the MATLAB
assignments were too challenging and excessively difficult. One suggestion included devoting one day to
MATLAB and to the types of equations students would need to know when plotting. Another suggestion
included moving the recitations to an afternoon other than Friday. Prospective students are encouraged
to attend every lecture and keep up with the homework as it is often quite time-consuming.
EN.540.303.01
Transport Phenomena I
K Konstantopoulos
Overall quality of the course: 4.03
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class notes that were posted on Blackboard, the instructor's
dynamic and intriguing lecturing style, and the helpful recitations. One student felt the class examples
were often abstract and inclusive of impractical derivations. Another suggestion was to hand back the
homework packets faster than they were previously returned. Suggestions included spending more time
on macroscopic balance and mass transfer, in addition to incorporating more consistent usage of the
formula sheets. Prospective students should have a solid understanding of Physics and Calculus III; also,
it's imperative that they attend every recitation session.
EN.540.306.01
Chem & Bio Separation
Michael Betenbaugh
Overall quality of the course: 3.11
Summary:
57
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
The best aspects of this course included the variety of assignments, the instructor's enthusiasm, and the
computer projects on distillation. One student felt the coding assignments seemed arbitrary. Another
student felt the instructor was often unprepared. Suggestions included providing more explicit
instructions for projects, allowing students more time with the midterm, and giving students feedback
on a regular basis. Prospective students should know this course is time-consuming and work-intensive,
but that help is always available.
EN.540.314.01
Chem Eng Product/Process Design
Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the course: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to utilize one's creative side, the instructor's
helpful feedback, and the level of independence given to students because it challenged them with their
product designs and gave them a sense of pride once the designs were completed. One student felt the
expectations regarding assignments were sometimes unclear. Some students disliked the use of Aspen.
Suggestions included incorporating more guidance with Aspen and requiring students to build
prototypes. Prospective students are encouraged to decide on a project early.
EN.540.314.02; 04
Chem Eng Product/Process Design
An Goffin
Overall quality of the course: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the freedom to choose what to design, the instructor's
consistent feedback, the poster session/presentation experience, and the opportunity to be creative.
One student felt it was difficult to adequately split his/her time between two major projects (the
process and product projects). Another student felt one of the instructors were not always able to
answer questions thoroughly, particularly when Aspen simulations were concerned. Suggestions
included providing students with a minimal amount of funding and clarifying grade expectations at the
beginning of the semester. Prospective students are encouraged not to procrastinate and to choose
his/her group members wisely.
EN.540.314.03
Chem Eng Product/Process Design
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the course: 3.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the chance to mix creativity and engineering skills, the
opportunity to research and design products, and the chance to work in a group setting. One student
felt that too many deadlines were crammed into the final week of the semester. Another student felt
the course lacked a sense of structure. Suggestions included adopting a senior design structure similar to
58
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
those of the Mechanical or Biomedical Engineering departments; also, extending the class to a yearlong
commitment. Prospective students should be prepared to spend a lot of time with their design team and
should expect a heavy workload.
EN.540.403.01
Colloids and Nanoparticles
Michael Bevan
Overall quality of the work: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the mathematical models of nanoparticle properties, the
lectures that were both informative and well-structured, and the overall absence of homework. One
student felt there should have been more feedback from the instructor on his/her paper. Another
student found it difficult to apply the topics learned in class to his/her research. Suggestions included
incorporating more modeling and providing clearer guidelines/rubrics. Prospective students should
know this course is invaluable in regards to expanding one's research ability and methods exposure.
EN.540.405.01
The Design of Biomolecular Systems
Rebecca Schulman
Overall quality of the course: 4.45
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.407.01
Current Topics in Functional Molecular Assembly
Honggang Cui
Overall quality of the course: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.419.01
Projects in the Design of a Chemical Car
Lise Dahuron, Joelle Frechette
Overall quality of the course: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on work, the opportunity to design one's own
experimental methods and chemical mechanisms from scratch, and the chance to work in groups. One
student felt the required workload was excessive. Another student felt that clearer guidelines should
have been given to the students. Suggestions included allowing students to know what each sub-team
was working on, and incorporating stricter deadlines for completing the various components.
Prospective students should know that they are tested and expected to present on a weekly basis.
59
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.421.01
Project in Design: Pharmacodynamics
Marc Donohue
Overall quality of the course: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the flexible meeting times, the hands-on experience, and the
one-on-one interaction with the instructor. One student felt the amount of presentations required over
the course of a semester was excessive. Another student found the final exam a big jump in difficulty
compared to previous exams from the same semester. Suggestions included incorporating a modern
textbook on proper pharmacodynamic modeling in MATLAB; also, providing students with clearer
expectations/guidelines on assignments, particularly the final. Prospective students should know this
course requires a lot of independent research but provides them with invaluable fundamental
knowledge on pharmacokinetics.
EN.540.437.01
Application of Molecular Evolution to Biotechnology
Marc Ostermeier
Overall quality of the course: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the comprehensive overview of methods for directed evolution
of proteins and applications, the case studies that helped illustrate the case studies presented by the
instructor, and the instructor's enthusiasm for the content. Some students felt that their grade being so
heavily reliant on two exams put undue stress on them. Another student wished that the course notes
had been posted online. Suggestions included providing students with more supplemental material and
giving them a clearer indication of exam/presentation/classroom expectations. Prospective students
should know that their final grade consists of the combined percentages between two exams.
EN.540.459.01
Bioengineering in Regenerative Medicine
Sharon Gerecht
Overall quality of the course: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the group presentations, the opportunity to learn about cutting-
edge research, and the light workload. One student felt the tests were poorly written. A few students
felt the multiple-choice exam format was designed specifically to trick them. Suggestions included
assigning less reading material and utilizing a textbook to supplement the lectures. Prospective students
are encouraged to thoroughly take notes and to read the articles assigned, particularly right before an
exam is administered.
EN.540.603.01
Colloids and Nanoparticles
Michael Bevan
60
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the course: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the broad range of materials utilized, the exposure and
emphasis on the current state of the field, and the thought-provoking in-class discussions. Some
students felt that the strict "group-based" format made work completion and research difficult if one
was stuck with a bad partner. One suggestion included incorporating more rigorous equations. Another
suggestion was to allow students to complete at least one paper independently. Prospective students
should know that this class consists of group-based activities.
EN.540.605.01
The Design of Biomolecular Systems
Rebecca Schulman
Overall quality of the course: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the access to cutting-edge research published in recent journal
articles, the intriguing lectures, and the instructor who was very enthusiastic and approachable. Some
students felt the quizzes were excessively difficult to prepare for. One suggestion was to integrate real
data with some of the predictive algorithms. Another suggestion included a second pair of eyes for the
instructor, who often handed out homework with a lot of typos and errors. Prospective students should
know it is highly advantageous to have some exposure to MATLAB and basic ODEs before taking this
course.
EN.540.637.01
Application of Molecular Evolution to Biotechnology
Marc Ostermeier
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included its organization, the concise manner with which the instructor
lectured, and the intriguing material. Some students felt that not enough homework was assigned and
that they would have liked the opportunity to raise their grade percentages. One suggestion included
assigning a textbook and weekly problem sets. Another suggestion included incorporating review
sessions. Prospective students should know that this class does not consist of many graded assignments,
and it's important to study for the exams.
EN.540.641.01
Micro- and Nanoscale Transport Phenomena
Zachary Gagnon
Overall quality of the course: 4.67
Summary:
61
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
The best aspects of this course included the instructor touching on topics beyond micro- and nanoscale
transport phenomena; also, the homework sets helped student better understand theory and the
instructor made it clear he was genuinely invested in the students learning the material. One student
felt he/she could have used more time on the final project. Another student felt there were too few
homework assignments given out. Suggestions included incorporating more focus on applications and
providing students with more instruction on electrokinetics. Prospective students should have a very
strong math background for this course and should know that it is more practical than theory-based.
EN.540.659.01
Bioengineering in Regenerative Medicine
Sharon Gerecht
Overall quality of the course: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting subject material, the presentations that allowed
students to review topical and contemporary articles, and the online take-home exams. One student felt
the course was disorganized. Another student felt the exams were excessively detail-oriented.
Suggestions included moving through the content at a slower pace, particularly slide shows; also,
incorporating more in-class discussion on research articles. Prospective students should study-up on
biochemistry and have a particular interest in cell and tissue engineering.
62
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
CHEMISTRY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.030.102.01
Introductory Chemistry II
Paul Dagdigian
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the online problems and lecture slides available to help students
understand what they were learning in class. The worst aspect of the course was the level of difficulty
that came with the class. The subject was challenging and the professor did not clearly cover all of the
topics in a way that prepared students for the tests and homework assignments. The course would
improve if the lectures were more focused and filled with clearer, more detailed explanations of the
subject matter. Prospective students should know that this course is somewhat challenging and they
should prepare to do some heavy studying so they can perform well on the heavily weighted exams.
AS.030.102.02
Introductory Chemistry II
Kenneth Karlin
Overall quality of the class: 2.98
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the helpful online homework assignments, the clear lecture slides,
and the study material that reflected what students actually were learning in class. The worst aspect of
the course was difficulty to understand the professors' way of conveying the subject material. Many
students felt that the lectures were unclear, leaving them to teach themselves some of the material. The
course would improve if the professor could find a more effective way of relaying the information to
students. Prospective students should endeavor to study the course materials, do the homework
assignments, and take advantage of the supplemental learning materials available to them.
AS.030.103.01-02
Applied Chemical Equilibrium and Reactivity w/lab
Jane Greco
63
CHEMISTRY
Overall quality of the class: 2.84
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the lab experiments, lab techniques learned in class, and the Aleks
computer system which helped students review concepts. The worst aspects of the course included the
hefty workload which consisted of pre-lab, lab, homework and many other assignments. The Aleks
computer system also had glitches from time to time. The course would improve if the work were to be
reduced and if more time were to be spent on teaching some of the subject. Prospective students
should allot plenty of time for this class as there are lots of homework assignments and lab write-ups.
AS.030.106.01; 02; 04-05; 07
6Intro Chemistry Lab
Louise Pasternack
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the hands-on lab experiments, availability of course materials to
help students understand the subject, and the direct teaching methods of the professor. The worst
aspect of the course was the heavy and time consuming workload. Students felt that the coursework
was too much for a course that was only worth one credit. The course would improve if the workload
was lightened and if students received more guidance and feedback on essay assignments. Prospective
students should be prepared to put forth a lot of time and effort into this course as there are pre-lab
assignments, lab reports, essays, and also exams.
AS.030.206.01-02
Organic Chemistry II
Christopher Falzone
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
One of the best aspects of this course was the fair and relevant inquiries on the exams regarding
material covered in class. Also, the challenges presented in class were delivered in an enthusiastic, easy-
to-understand manner. Students also appreciated that the instructor was eager to help during office
hours and outside of class. Some students felt that the lectures were difficult to follow, that the
instructor moved through the concepts too fast, and that the expectation to memorize mechanisms was
excessive. Suggestions included going slower when presenting mechanisms/new concepts and focusing
on concepts particularly pertinent to the exams and quizzes. Prospective students should take
advantage of the help available outside of class, be prepared to do practice problems in order to better
understand the material, and attend each class.
AS.030.212.01
Advanced Organic Chemistry
Thomas Lectka
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
64
CHEMISTRY
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were its small size and the projects that encouraged independent
learning and research. Students also appreciated the instructor's captivating lecturing style. Some
students felt that the material on the tests did not match the concepts discussed in the lecture or
textbook. Suggestions included allowing students more opportunities to improve grades. Prospective
students should be prepared to attend lecture, study hard, and come into the course with a firm
understanding of the fundamentals of organic chemistry.
AS.030.225.01-05
Intro Organic Chem Lab
Larissa D'Souza
Overall quality of the course: 3.55
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the fun and engaging labs, as well as the concepts
presented in the lab that were thoroughly correlated with the material covered during lectures.
Students appreciated the instructor being available during office hours. Some students felt that the lab
report grading was disproportionately severe and/or arbitrary in relation to what had been outlined in
the lab report guidelines. Also, grades often differed greatly between various graders (multiple TAs,
instructor.) Suggestions included providing more clarity in what is expected from the students and less
focus on formatting. Prospective students should be prepared to work hard, to pay close attention to
details while performing experiments, and attend every lab.
AS.030.228.01
Intmd Organic Chem Lab
Steven Rokita
Overall quality of the course: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the fun and engaging labs, and the experiments that were well
correlated with the material covered in lecture. Some students felt the amount of work expected from
the instructor was excessive. Also, students felt that the cumulative grades relied too heavily on the lab
reports. Suggestions included restructuring the grading rubric for the lab reports and minimizing the
amount of time required on work outside of class since so much is devoted to work completed during
class. Prospective students should know this is an intensive course.
AS.030.302.01
Physical Chemistry II
Harris Silverstone
Overall quality of the course: 3.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing lecture content and the availability of the
instructor outside of class. Many students appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm. Some students felt
65
CHEMISTRY
the tests focused too much on memorization. Suggestions included consistently reviewing the material,
lightening the impact the final has on one's cumulative grade, and providing students with detailed
visual explanations of new, difficult concepts. Prospective students should be aware that the material
heavily consists of mathematics, that the grade on the final makes up a large percentage of one's
cumulative grade, and that the concepts introduced are both challenging and complex.
AS.030.306.01-02
Phys Chem Instr Lab
Joel Tolman
Overall quality of the course: 3.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lab experiments and the opportunities available
for students to operate spectrometers. Many students felt that there needed to be a structured grading
system to which all the TAs should adhere. Also, some students found the textbook unhelpful and
useless. Suggestions included standardizing the grading system and ensuring pre-experiment that all of
the lab equipment is functional. Prospective students should be prepared to budget their time and keep
in mind that the workload includes but is not limited to a large amount of lab reports.
AS.030.345.01
Chem Appl: Group Theory
David Yarkony
Overall quality of the course: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.030.402.01
Experimental Methods in Physical Chemistry
Kit Bowen
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the opportunity to work with other departments and the
comprehensive introduction to the many aspects of physical chemistry. Also, students appreciated the
passion for the material with which the instructor taught. One student felt that expectations for the final
were not clearly defined. Suggestions included providing more guidance and guidelines for the term
project. Another suggestion was to space out the computer projects. Prospective students should be
prepared to take notes and should know that four computer programs are taught and utilized
throughout the course's duration.
AS.030.441.01
Spectroscopic Methods of Organic Structure Determination
John Tovar
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
66
CHEMISTRY
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class time devoted to homework discussions and the large
amount of detail dedicated to spectroscopic methods. Students also appreciated the instructor's ability
to thoroughly explain concepts. Some students felt that there were too many reference books and that
the instructor was, at times, difficult to understand, making some things more challenging for
international students. Suggestions included making time for more in-class case study discussions and a
longer allotment of time to complete the midterm (>50 min.) Prospective students should know that this
course consists primarily of graduate students, but can be taken by undergraduates. Also, a good deal of
time is required to successfully complete the homework, and a firm grasp on organic chemistry is
extremely helpful, if not necessary.
AS.030.446.01
Mathematica as a Tool for Chemists
Harris Silverstone
Overall quality of the course: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the invaluable and functional knowledge of Mathematica that
students acquired through the lessons, as well as the instructor's detailed and useful notes. One student
felt that the instructor often spent too long explaining how he would have completed an assignment.
Another student felt that the workload was inconsistent and unpredictable from week to week.
Suggestions included allocating more class time to the fundamentals of programming and providing
students with more problem sets, possibly even a second project. Prospective students should know
that a background in Mathematica is helpful but not necessary and that their grades will be primarily
based on the homework rather than the exams.
AS.030.626.01
Adv Mechanistic Organic Chemistry
Marc Greenberg
Overall quality of the course: 4.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the manner in which the instructor engaged the students, the
detail with which the instructor clarified an issue/problem, and the instructor's choice of utilizing real
data as a means to get the students to think critically. Some students felt that the textbook was
unhelpful. Suggestions included collecting and reviewing the homework assignments, working with
more mechanism examples, and providing the students with grades. Prospective students should be
prepared for a challenging but highly informative course. It's also recommended that they have
knowledge of organic chemistry.
67
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
CIVIL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.560.141.01
Perspectives on the Evolution of Structures
Benjamin Schafer
Overall quality of the course: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the visual elements the instructor provided, the interesting
topics discussed in class, the grades and slides that were available online, and the challenge given to
students to analyze structures mathematically and artistically. Some students felt that the lectures were
too long, that the exams shouldn't have been comprehensive, and that the TA often graded unfairly.
One suggestion included providing notes along with the lectures slides. Another suggestion was to
provide students with a clearly-defined grading rubric. Prospective students should be prepared to do a
lot of writing and to take particularly good notes during class.
EN.560.202.02-03; 05
Dynamics
Narutoshi Nakata
Overall quality of the course: 3.91
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was that expectations were clearly defined by Professor Nakata. The
course material was very straightforward and followed a good outline. The worst aspect of the course
was that there was not much deviation from the textbook. Students suggested having more practical
assignments that would help them better understand the content. Perspective students should know
that the course can be challenging, but it's manageable. Also, grading for the course is very fair.
EN.560.206.01
Solid Mechanics & Theory of Structures
James Guest
Overall quality of the course: 4.80
68
CIVIL ENGINEERING
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor, who was always willing to help, and the intriguing
material, which was well-organized. Some of the students felt the homework assignments were
excessively lengthy. One suggestion included providing students with practice exams. Another
suggestion was to incorporate a more useful textbook. Prospective students should know it's best to
start on assignments as soon as possible and to study hard for the midterm, as most of one's final grade
is reliant on it.
EN.560.325.01
Concrete Structures
Rachel Sangree
Overall quality of the course: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the homework and exams that were a clear continuation of the
material discussed in class; also, students appreciated all of the design examples and practice. One
student felt the class moved too slowly. Another student felt the homework-grading criteria was
excessively nit-picky  that students should not have points knocked off for forgetting the date on a
paper. Suggestions included allowing students to complete independent final projects and providing
students with more problems on Blackboard. Prospective students should know that the course is
considerably math-intensive and that it's crucial to attend every lecture.
EN.560.330.01
Foundation Design
Lucas De Melo
Overall quality of the course: 3.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the "real world" problems, the opportunity to use notes with
the exams, and the incredibly approachable and helpful instructor. One student felt the instructor took
it personally when a pupil didn't show up to class. Several students felt the duration of the class  3
hours  was excessive and should be split into two 1.5 hour classes each week. Suggestions included
devoting more time to problem solving and distributing the work more evenly throughout the semester.
Prospective students should have a solid understanding of soil properties and should be willing to ask
for help from the faculty.
EN.560.348.01
Probability & Statistics in Civil Engineering
Sauleh Siddiqui
Overall quality of the course: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the extra credit opportunities, the instructor's willingness to
help students with MATLAB, and the engaging manner with which the instructor taught. Some students
69
CIVIL ENGINEERING
felt the textbook was confusing. One student felt the pace of the class moved too slowly. Suggestions
included assigning more problems involving MATLAB applications outside of class, and utilizing a
different textbook. Prospective students should study for the quizzes and take advantage of the
instructor's willingness to help.
EN.560.380.01
Intro to Ocean Wind Engineering
William Marr
Overall quality of the course: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the clarity with which the instructor presented naval
architecture, the enthusiasm with which he taught, and the material in itself. One student felt the
phrasing and terminology on the exams was difficult to understand. Another student felt there was not
enough discussion on material pertaining to wind engineering. Suggestions included providing students
with grades on homework assignments and incorporating a field trip into the semester. Prospective
students should study hard for the exams as they can be extremely challenging.
EN.560.452.01
Civil Engineering Design II
John Matteo
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the final project, the laid back and approachable professor, and
the guest lecturers. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of organization and the lengthy
class meeting time. There was also no structure or deadlines for the assignments. The course would
improve if the course expectations and deadlines were clearer. Prospective students should expect to do
lots of extremely rewarding work and must always come to class to be successful in the course.
EN.560.498.01
Survey of Systems Engineering Tools
Takeru Igusa
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the final project, the hands on programming practice experience
students got, and the applicable information students were exposed to. The worst aspects of the course
included the organization of the final project and the slow pace of the course. Students felt that the
class wasn't all that challenging and that the guidelines for the final project could have been better
explained. The course would improve if students learned more coding, programming, and
comprehensive material at a faster pace. Prospective students should expect to enjoy and do well in this
applicable course if they attend all class sessions.
EN.560.702.01
70
CIVIL ENGINEERING
Modeling Complex Systems Colloquium
Lori Graham-Brady
Overall quality of this course: 3.90
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.560.730.01
Finite Element Methods
Somnath Ghosh
Overall quality of this course: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.560.749.01
Structural Design Studio
James Guest, Benjamin Schafer
Overall quality of this course: 3.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.560.764.01
Infrastructure Asset Management
Xin Chen
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the applicable methods learned, and the engaging guest
speakers who helped give students an overview of Infrastructure Asset Management. The professor
encouraged class participation and was always trying to get feedback from the students. The worst
aspects of the course included the unclear homework requirements, harsh grading, and heavy workload.
The course would improve if the workload were slightly reduced and if there were more in-class
exercises. Prospective students should be prepared to work in groups and challenge themselves to be
better communicators.
EN.560.766.01
Multi-Hazard Risk Mitigation
Judith Mitrani-Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
71
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
CLASSICS DEPARTMRENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.040.102.01
Jews, Greeks and Others in Ancient Israel: Historical and Archeological Aspects
Moshe Fischer
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lectures and comprehensive course material.
Students also appreciated how engaging and organized the instructor was. Some students felt there
could be more in-class discussion. Suggestions for improvement were to include in-class discussions and
provide a syllabus for the semester. Prospective students are encouraged to pay attention to the
lectures and prepare to do lots of writing.
AS.040.106.01
Elementary Ancient Greek
Danilo Piana
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.040.108.02
Elementary Latin
Daniel Houston
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's engaging demeanor and the well-articulated
delivery of the content. Students appreciated that the instructor checked their comprehension of
material as they progressed throughout the year. Some students felt that the class moved too fast,
making it easy to fall behind. One suggestion for improvement included less of a focus on translation
72
CLASSICS
and more of a concentration on Latin literature. Prospective students should have a genuine interest in
learning Latin and should be prepared to memorize material.
AS.040.111.01
Ancient Greek Civilization: Society, Archaeology, Literature, Philosophy
Dimitrios Yatromanolakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relevant and engaging literature, as well as the
comprehensive array of topics introduced. The students appreciated the instructors' enthusiasm for the
subject material. Some students felt that there was a lack of class discussion. Suggestions included
either having the TA-instructed section meet on a completely different day or embedding the TA lesson
into the primary instructor's lecture. Prospective students should be prepared for heavy reading
assignments.
AS.040.119.01-02
The World of Pompeii
Herica Valladares
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting and engaging material, as well as the
knowledgeable TA and instructor. Students also appreciated the PowerPoint slides used in instruction.
Some students felt that the exams did not correspond appropriately to the information covered in class.
Suggestions included allowing more class discussions and relaying the content in more ways than one.
Prospective students should be prepared to learn and memorize images/dates of art/events.
AS.040.208.01
Intermediate Latin
Nicholas Kauffman
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.040.229.01
Victory and Defeat in Ancient Rome
Elisabeth Schwinge
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussion-based lessons and interesting material. Students
also appreciated that the expectations were clear and the material was well-organized. Some students
73
CLASSICS
felt that the text utilized didn't enhance the material learned in class. Suggestions included fewer
readings per day and switching to one topic a week as opposed to two. Prospective students should be
prepared for an intense but rewarding class that requires a good deal of reading.
AS.040.232.01
Island Archaeology: The Social Worlds of Crete, Cyprus and the Cyclades
Emily Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the dual discussion and lecture-based lessons, as well as the
intriguing materials. Students also appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm for the course content. Some
students felt that the readings were too long and too detail-oriented. Suggestions included devoting
more time to class discussions and making the readings available online. Prospective students are
encouraged to ask for help from the instructor, but to also be prepared to do a good deal of reading.
AS.040.307.01
Advanced Latin Prose
Matthew Roller
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
74
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
COGNITIVE SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.050.102.01
Language and Mind
Akira Omaki
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material, and the detailed and informative
lectures. Students also felt that the instructor was easy to approach with their concerns and questions.
Some students felt that the slides corresponding to a lecture were too vague and that coverage of the
material seemed rushed at times. Suggestions for improvement included devoting regular class time to
review the material and making the assignments smaller. Prospective students are encouraged to do the
required readings, and to pay close attention to the lectures.
AS.050.109.01
Minds, Brains and Computers
Joan Chen-Main
Overall quality of the class: 2.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting materials and concepts introduced. Also,
students appreciated the instructors' approachability and passion regarding the content. Some students
felt that the lectures were disorganized and that the structure and delivery of concepts were too
abstract to follow. Suggestions for improvement included clarifying the information introduced in class
and lecturing with more assurance. Prospective students should be prepared to attend the lectures, do
the homework, and expect material that includes the use and knowledge of fundamental mathematics.
AS.050.203.01
Cognitive Neuroscience: Exploring the Living Brain
Brenda Rapp
Overall quality of the class: 3.19
75
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the availability of pre-lecture slides and post-lecture podcasts.
Students felt that the material covered was well-defined and relevant to the course exams. Some of the
students felt that the exam questions were worded in too abstract a manner. Suggestions for
improvement included providing more opportunities for a better grade than via 3 exams per semester
and organizing the instructor's concept delivery more. Prospective students are encouraged to listen to
the podcasts and download the slides in order to be prepared for the exams.
AS.050.312.01
Cognitive Neuroimaging Methods in High-Level Vision
Soojin Park
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting nature of the material and the hands-on
experience students received. Many of the students appreciated participating in a class-study on fMRI
data and analysis. Some students felt that the length of the lectures were too long. Suggestions for
improvement were to shorten the first half of the class or the time devoted to lecture, and to devote
more focus to the concepts being taught and implemented during the second half of the class.
Prospective students who are interested in hands-on experience with fMRI will receive a valuable
introduction.
AS.050.320.01
Syntax I
Geraldine Legendre
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing material and the effective structure and
organization of the content delivery. Students also appreciated the in-class discussions encouraged by
the instructor. Some students felt that not enough feedback was offered on returned homework
assignments and that the pacing of the lessons was, at times, uneven. Suggestions for improvement
included offering feedback on completed work and reviewing material in class. Prospective students are
encouraged to take World of Language first, though it is not mandatory.
AS.050.339.01
Cognitive Development
Emma Gregory
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's availability to help students and the homework
assignments that were highly relevant to the concepts discussed in class. Many students found the
76
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
material interesting. Some students felt that the instructor was, at times, nervous and that the lectures
were too slow. Suggestions for improvement included more opportunities for grades and making the
slides available before the lectures. Prospective students are encouraged to pay attention during
lectures, do the readings, and make use of the instructor's availability and willingness to help.
AS.050.370.01
Formal Methods in Cognitive Science: Language
Kyle Rawlins
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.050.371.01
Formal Methods in Cognitive Science: Inference
Colin Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's support in and out of class and the critical
knowledge the lessons provided in regards to possible future research work. Students also appreciated
that the assignments were relevant and instructive. Some students felt that previous exposure to
statistics would have been beneficial and that some of the lessons were too difficult to grasp.
Suggestions for improvement included requiring prerequisite work in either programming, statistics or
both; and that focusing on one  statistics or programming  rather than both simultaneously would
provide students with a better concept of the materials. Prospective students are encouraged to utilize
the instructor's availability to help and to have some working knowledge of programming and statistics,
though it is not mandatory.
77
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
COMPUTER SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.600.104.01
Computer Ethics
Sheela Kosaraju
Overall quality of the work: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the open-discussion format and the light homework. One
student felt that particular students were permitted to dominate the class discussions at times. Another
student felt that the class schedule was too unpredictable. Suggestions included incorporating more
activities besides debates and adhering to a regulated schedule. Prospective students should know that
the class requires a lot of critical thinking and participation in group discussions is imperative.
EN.600.107.01
Intro Programming in Java
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the course: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fun and challenging homework assignments, the
comprehensive introduction to coding in Java, and the instructor's means of presenting the material in
an interesting way. A few students felt the homework assignments were, at times, difficult to decipher.
One student felt that the instructor spent too much time coding in class, and at too rapid a pace, rather
than explaining computer science concepts. Suggestions included incorporating more demonstrations
and in-class exercises, as well as permitting student collaboration. Prospective students should keep up
with the assignments; also, background knowledge in coding is beneficial but not necessary.
EN.600.108.01-03
Intro Programming Lab
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the course: 4.49
78
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on application of what was taught in the
corresponding lecture; also, students appreciated that there was a lot of one-on-one help from TAs and
that the instructor and the students had the opportunity to consult with experienced programmers.
Some students felt the labs varied too much in regards to difficulty and length of time required. One
suggestion included providing students with clearer prompts. Another suggestion included minimizing
the class size. Prospective students should know this is a very helpful course for first-time programmers.
EN.600.120.01
Intermediate Programming
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the course: 3.74
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the applicable coding projects assigned, the challenging
homework assignments, the opportunity to work with C and C++, and the material that was relevant to
what one should know in this phase of learning computer coding. Some students felt the instructor was
disorganized. One suggestion included clarifying deadlines and expectations on homework assignments.
Another suggestion included shortening the homework assignments. Prospective students should know
this class requires a lot of independent work and they should feel comfortable at this stage of
programming.
EN.600.226.01
Data Structures
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the course: 3.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to code structures, the Piazza forum for asking
questions and responding, and the chance to improve upon one's knowledge of Java. Some students felt
the instructor's feedback on assignments was disorganized and that the grading seemed arbitrary. Some
students also felt the instructor would at times, relay faulty or inaccurate information to the students.
Suggestions included incorporating an optional lab to correspond with this class and utilizing more
organized visual aids to coincide with lecture material. Prospective students should be prepared for a
heavy workload outside of the classroom.
EN.600.250.01
User Interfaces and Mobile Applications
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the course: 3.27
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the freedom to both code and write apps, the motivation with
which the instructor provided students to work independently, and the teacher/pupil interaction. Some
79
COMPUTER SCIENCE
students felt both the class and instructor were disorganized. One student felt as though there was too
much reliance on the textbook insofar as relaying subject material. Suggestions included incorporating
prewritten homework assignments and making certain lectures pertain to the material. Prospective
students should be comfortable with Java and be prepared to do independent research.
EN.600.271.01
Automata & Computation Theory
S Kosaraju
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the logic and course material, the interesting subject matter,
and the instructor's enthusiasm and approachability. One student felt that the proofs and reductions
were tedious. Some students found the lectures difficult to follow because of their solely theoretical
nature. Suggestions included utilizing software that allows students to teach automaton, and clarifying
the homework and old exam solutions  many students found them illegible. Prospective students
should know this is a theoretical computer science course and that there is no actual programming.
EN.600.316.01
Database Systems
Yanif Ahmad
Overall quality of the course: 2.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.320.01
Parallel Programming
Randal Burns
Overall quality of the course: 3.28
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's informative and entertaining lectures, the
concepts that were explained effectively, and the light workload. Some students felt the instructor
didn't provide feedback in a timely manner. One suggestion included incorporating group work. Another
suggestion included providing students with practice material before exams. Prospective students
should know C/C++, Java, and Python before enrolling in this class.
EN.600.325.01
Declarative Methods
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of the course: 4.59
Summary:
80
COMPUTER SCIENCE
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's engaging lectures and concise explanations of
concepts. Also, students appreciated learning to use different techniques to solve NP problems. One
student felt that the pace of the course throughout the semester was too rapid. Another student felt
that even though there was a session dedicated to helping students understand and solve certain
problems, he/she couldn't attend due to a scheduling conflict and that also, in class, there were not
enough people available to help. Suggestions included helping the students better prepare for the
exams and making the lectures more interactive. Prospective students should know that basic
knowledge of a scripting language like Python or Perl is helpful.
EN.600.328.01
Compilers and Interpreters
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the course: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to learn different aspects of computers by
building one, as well as the instructor's informative and engaging lectures. Some students felt that the
workload required for this course was excessive. Another student felt that the course moved too rapidly
toward the end of the semester. Suggestions included spacing out the assignments and providing
students with feedback sooner. Prospective students should know that the coursework is heavy and
they must have some knowledge of computer system fundamentals.
EN.600.335.01
Artificial Intelligence
Benjamin Mitchell
Overall quality of the course: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.344.01
Computer Network Fundamentals
Brian Haberman
Overall quality of the course: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.363.01
Introduction to Algorithms
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of the course: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures, the relevant, helpful textbook, and the
effective applications and correlations exemplified by the instructor's well-prepared notes. Some
81
COMPUTER SCIENCE
students felt that the instructor did not provide enough feedback. Students also felt the assignments
were excessively difficult. Suggestions included incorporating more study sessions and making the
algorithms/proofs used as examples in class less formal and/or difficult to conceptually understand.
Prospective students should know that it's imperative to keep up with the material.
EN.600.402.01
Medical Informatics
Michael Ochs
Overall quality of the course: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the presentation of medical informatics from a computer
science perspective, as opposed to medical; also, students found the lecture content intriguing. One
student felt the instructor was at times, despondent. Another student felt that having all the lecture
slides available would have been beneficial. Suggestions included incorporating more demonstrations
and interacting with the students. Prospective students should know that there is a lot more emphasis
on primary medical uses for informatics and technical/social challenges, than learning how to use EMR
for secondary uses.
EN.600.416.01
Database Systems
Yanif Ahmad
Overall quality of the course: 2.90
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.420.01
Parallel Programming
Randal Burns
Overall quality of the course: 3.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the exposure to multiple frameworks, the engaging lectures,
and the interesting material. Some students felt that the set-up required for some of the assignments
took an excessively long time. One suggestion was to include more coding problems in the assignments
and fewer theory problems. Another suggestion was to make the lessons less about parallel
technologies, but more about concepts in parallel computing. Prospective students are recommended
to have some understanding of hardware architecture, caching hierarchy, and how memory is accessed
by threads and processes to some extent, prior to enrolling.
EN.600.424.01
Network Security
Amitabh Mishra
Overall quality of the course: 2.90
82
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to work in a group and the hands-on
experience. Some students felt the lectures were very difficult to attend. One suggestion was to have
the department establish clear prerequisites to guarantee the students begin this course with a basic
level of cryptographic and networking background. Another suggestion was to have the instructor
engage the students in his lectures more. Prospective students should have some computer networking
knowledge.
EN.600.425.01
Declarative Methods
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of the course: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.426.01
Principles of Programming Languages
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the course: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the encouragement toward students to collaborate with one
another, and the fun and engaging assignments. One student felt that some sections of the course were
not clearly defined. Another student felt that certain students were permitted to dominate class
discussions. Suggestions included providing more examples and calling on students to voice their input
as opposed to letting just anyone speak up. Prospective students should know they are expected to be
very comfortable with functional programming by the end of the semester, and though it's not
necessary, previous knowledge of Haskell helps.
EN.600.428.01
Compilers & Interpreters
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the course: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to build a compiler, the assignments that were
often hands-on, and the instructor, who was both enthusiastic and willing to help with the material.
Some students felt the required workload was excessive. Students also felt the instructor should have
given feedback sooner than he did. Suggestions included organizing the lecture notes and lightening the
required course load. Prospective students should be confident in their ability to program independently
before taking this course.
EN.600.435.01
Artificial Intelligence
83
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Benjamin Mitchell
Overall quality of the course: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the broad range of topics covered and the engaging, fun
homework that was assigned. One student felt the course lacked innovation. Another student felt the
grading scale was far too strict. One suggestion was for the instructor to focus more on the relevant
topics. Prospective students should have a good understanding of calculus, and probability theory and
statistics in order to understand the material.
EN.600.436.01
Algorithms for Sensor-Based Robotics
Gregory Hager
Overall quality of the course: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting topics that were covered, and the assignments
that were both fun and engaging. Students also felt that once an assignment was completed, they had a
real sense of having accomplished something substantive. Some students felt that the feedback could've
been better. Also, students felt that, at times, the lectures were difficult to attend. Suggestions included
providing more guidance on the assignments and incorporating more in-class examples. Prospective
students should know a lot of C++ programming.
EN.600.439.01
Computational Genomics
Benjamin Langmead
Overall quality of the course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the guest lecturers, the opportunity to implement intriguing
algorithms, and the instructor who was both informative and well-prepared. One student found the
lectures difficult to attend. Another student would have liked help on the Rosalind problems.
Suggestions included providing more exposure to research in the field, and holding class in a room with
windows. Prospective students should know that it's helpful to have a working knowledge of Python
prior to taking the class, but it's not mandatory.
EN.600.444.01
Computer Networks
Brian Haberman
Overall quality of the course: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing material, consistent correlation between the
lectures and the textbook, as well as the thoroughly presented material. One student felt that the
84
COMPUTER SCIENCE
instructor's responses on Piazza were curt and not very useful. Some students felt the project was
excessively difficult for a class that had intermediate programming as its only required prerequisite.
Suggestions included implementing a more organized means of evaluating the group projects and
requiring less handwritten homework. Prospective students are strongly encouraged to find a team of
peers with whom they are positive they will work well with.
EN.600.446.01
Computer Integrated Surgery II
Russell Taylor
Overall quality of the course: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on experience and the opportunity for one to design
his/her own project under the supervision of a faculty member. Students also appreciated the feedback
that was given on a consistent basis. One student felt there was little motivation to attend the lectures
as they did not contribute to his/her grade. Another student felt the parameters in regards to grades
were unclear. Suggestions included ensuring things like IRB approvals and software dependencies will be
dealt; also, incorporating more guest lecturers who have dealt with CIS. Prospective students are
encouraged to pick a project that will hold their interest for the duration of the semester.
EN.600.463.01
Algorithms I
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of the course: 4.28
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to design algorithms, the lectures that were
well-prepared, and the helpful textbook. Some students felt they were not provided with feedback in a
timely manner. One suggestion included using PowerPoint on Blackboard as opposed to writing the
notes. Another suggestion included providing more comprehensive exercises. Prospective students
should brush-up on their knowledge of LaTeX.
EN.600.466.01
Information Retrieval and Web Agents
David Yarowsky
Overall quality of the course: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting programming assignments, the broad range of
material covered, and the opportunity to build robots. One student felt that the lectures were often
disorganized. Another student felt that the grades and/or feedback were not returned in a timely
manner. Suggestions included allowing students to use any scripting language (Python or PHP) and
having the course content follow what's in the book. Prospective students should be prepared to work
with Perl.
85
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.476.01
Machine Learning in Complex Domains
Suchi Saria
Overall quality of the course: 3.10
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the coverage of a brand new field of computer science, and that
the material introduced was intriguing. Some students felt the class was often unstructured. One
suggestion was to focus the curriculum to learn fewer things but in more depth throughout the duration
of the semester. Another suggestion was to implement more structure. Prospective students are
encouraged to come into this class with a working knowledge of NLP, Vision, AI, and ML with Dredze.
EN.600.636.01
Algorithms for Sensor-Based Robotics
Gregory Hager
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the programming assignments and the projects, because
students found them very applicable to the real-world. The worst aspects of the course included the
lectures and the lecture slides. The lecture slides were not very easy for students to navigate through
and the homework assignments were challenging for students who lacked a strong background in the
fundamentals. The course would improve if the lecture slides and the course materials were clearer and
better organized. Prospective students should be prepared for some exciting assignments and should
have some background in Programming and Fundamentals.
EN.600.639.01
Computational Genomics
Benjamin Langmead
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.643.01
Advanced Topics in Computer Security
Aviel Rubin
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.662.01
Topics in Illumination and Reflectance Modeling for Computer Vision and Me
Joanne Selinski, Catherine Thornton, Lawrence Wolff
86
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.666.01
Information Extraction
Sanjeev Khudanpur
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.667.01
Advanced Distributed Systems & Networks
Yair Amir
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.676.01
Machine Learning in Complex Domains
Suchi Saria
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the helpful and well-designed homework assignments, as well as
well the interesting and applicable material that students learned. The professor was very
knowledgeable and showed lots of enthusiasm in teaching the subject. The worst aspects of the course
included the hefty workload, and lack of guidance on the projects. The course would improve if there
was a well-defined course syllabus and better discussions/assignments to help students understand
what they were really learning. Prospective students should endeavor to stay on top of the work, and
have a strong math background before taking this course.
EN.600.716.01
Selected Topics on Innovative Data Systems
Yanif Ahmad
Overall quality of this course: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.726.01
Selected Topics in Programming Languages
Scott Smith
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
87
COMPUTER SCIENCE
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.728.01
Selected Topics in Category Theory
Nathaniel Filardo
Overall quality of this course: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.765.01
Selected Topics in Natural Language Processing
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.766.01
Selected Topics in Meaning, Translation and Generation of Text
Christopher Callison-Burch,Benjamin Van Durme
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
88
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.270.107.01
Introduction to Sustainability
Cindy Parker
Overall quality of the class: 3.05
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the informative lectures given by two knowledgeable professors. The
worst aspects of the course were the lectures students found dull and the hefty homework assignments
that were graded harshly and often irrelevant to the topics being learned in class. Students felt that
many of the quizzes and tests were not in direct proportion to content they learned in class or what was
available in the slides and textbook. The course would improve if the homework assignments were
reduced and if the lectures were more stimulating. Prospective students should know that the course is
fairly easy and involves lots of writing.
AS.270.114.01
Guided Tour: The Planets
Bruce Marsh
Overall quality of the class: 3.72
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the nice and engaging professor who brought years of experience and
stories to the class. The worst aspect of the course was the extremely detailed and difficult exams which
were not often related to information students were taught in class or introduced to through the
homework assignments. Some students thought that lectures were too lengthy and lacked interest. The
course would improve if students had more guidance on the exams beforehand and a more organized
class structure. Prospective students should endeavor to attend all classes and study hard for the exams
that heavily weigh on grades.
AS.270.115.01
Environmental Photojournalism and Filmmaking in the Era of New Media
Alexios Monopolis
89
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the creative project students were assigned and given the freedom to
do. The students were allowed to choose an issue in the Baltimore community and create a film about it,
without any restrictions. The worst aspects of the course included the time commitment students had to
make outside of class and the lack of guidance in the project as many students had no previous filming
experience. The course would improve if the course had more structure and included more lessons on
filming and filming equipment before students had to dive into their projects. Prospective students
should prepare to spend lots of time working on their projects outside of class and should take
advantage of the Digital Media Center in case they need more help.
AS.270.201.01
Dinosaurs
David Weishampel
Overall quality of the class: 3.46
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the interesting and fun subject of dinosaurs. The professor showed a
lot of passion for the subject and was very knowledgeable on the topic. The worst aspect of the course
was the hefty amount of content covered on the somewhat complex exams. The course would improve
if the exams were more straightforward, the lectures were better organized, and if there were some
homework assignments incorporated into the class to boost grades for students. Prospective students
should expect to spend lots of time with the textbook and class notes in this challenging but enjoyable
course that is composed of only exam grades.
AS.270.210.01
Environmental Field Methods
Naomi Levin, Katalin Szlavecz
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.270.222.01
Earth Materials
John Ferry, David Veblen
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the labs, field trip, and the organized class structure. The worst
aspects of the course included the large amounts of information that students had to memorize and
familiarize themselves with. The course would improve if there were study guides or review sessions
before the exams. Also, the course would improve if students had a clearer outline of the grading
90
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
structure. Prospective students should expect to memorize lots of formulas and know that a previous
chemistry background may be helpful.
AS.270.312.01
Mammalian Evolution
Kenneth Rose
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the engaging lectures, helpful review sessions by the enthusiastic
teaching assistant, and the specimens brought into class. The professor was extremely passionate about
the subject matter and the students got to take a field trip to a museum. The worst aspects of the
course included the heavy amounts of information that had to be learned and also memorized. The
course would improve if there were more focused readings, assignments, and quiz opportunities
available to help students perform better. Prospective students should know that they would have to
memorize lots of information, but will enjoy the course if they enjoy this type of subject.
AS.270.313.01
Isotope Geochemistry
Benjamin Passey
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.270.314.01
Planetary Tectonics and Geodynamics
James Roberts
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the dynamic and very helpful lecturer. The students got to learn about
a variety of applicable topics like Geodynamics through interesting lessons and demos. The worst aspect
of the course was the difficult homework assignments which often contained content that had not been
discussed with students in class. The course would improve if there were more topics covered in class
and if there was also one teacher teaching the course as opposed to two. Prospective students should
know that the course covers a wide range of topics and involves lots of mathematics and basic coding.
AS.270.315.01
Natural Catastrophes
Peter Olson
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
91
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
The best aspects of the course included the engaging lectures and interesting topics. The worst aspect of
the course was the final project because it involved lots of programming and content that students had
never encountered prior to the project being assigned. The tests also had materials that were not
presented in class or available on the presentation slides. The course would improve if the class overall
was more interactive and filled with content that would be on all exams and projects. Prospective
students should expect a fun and easy course that has a somewhat difficult final project attached to it.
AS.270.325.01
Introductory Oceanography
Anand Gnanadesikan, Thomas Haine
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the variety of topics covered by two caring and enthusiastic
professors. Students learned so much through the exercises, homework assignments, and hands-on
lectures. The worst aspect of the course was the hefty amount of work assigned on the MATLAB
program. The course would improve if there was more assistance or feedback on the assignments given
on MATLAB. Prospective students should know that this course involves a lot of mathematics and use of
MATLAB. To be successful, they should endeavor to stay on top of the homework assignments and take
advantage of the very helpful professors.
AS.270.360.01
Climate Change: Science & Policy
Benjamin Zaitchik
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the course content and in-depth discussions of climate change
issues that affect our world today by a very experienced professor. The worst aspects of the course
included the dull lectures, as well as the untimely feedback on homework assignments. Students were
expected to memorize policy-related issues and have a good grasp of economic principles. The course
would improve if it were more engaging and if the class time and projects were better structured to
incorporate more science. Prospective students should have the GECS prerequisite completed for this
moderate course that will give them insight into the world of climate change.
AS.270.377.01
Climates of The Past
Linda Hinnov, Benjamin Passey
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.270.403.01
Environmental Policymaking and Policy Analysis
Carl Bausch, Rhey Solomon
92
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging and interactive professors who brought their
versatility to the subject and made class very exciting. The subject material was very interesting because
it was given even more life by both professors who had personal experience in the subject. The worst
aspects of the course included the lengthy class periods and insufficient amount of feedback on grades.
The course would improve if the class sessions were perhaps broken up, if the assignments were better
spread throughout the semester, and if there was quicker feedback on assignments. Prospective
students should expect to be challenged with the level of reading they will do, even though the writing
load is light.
93
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
EAST ASIAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
Adam Bronson
AS.310.103.01
Modern Japan - 1800 to the Present
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the engaging and enthusiastic professor who showed a lot interest in
the course subject and delivered lectures in a very captivating way. The worst aspect of the course was
the lack of class discussions even though class participation was heavily weighted in the course. There
was also lots of content for students to keep up with and many times the readings were never well
correlated with the writing assignments. The course would improve if more class discussions were
encouraged and if there was a little more guidance and feedback on the papers. Prospective students
should expect an overview of Japanese history with a fair amount of reading and writing involved in this
course.
AS.310.108.01
Introduction to Chinese Fiction and Drama
Fumiko Joo
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting course materials and reading selections. The
worst aspect of the course was the hefty reading assignments which many students had a difficult time
keeping up with. There also was not much discussion in the class and many students felt that the
professor could have tried to facilitate more discussions. The course would improve if more class
discussion was encouraged and if there was more incentive to ensure all students participated in class.
Prospective students should expect a manageable course with a substantial amount of reading to do.
AS.310.207.01
Mapping Migrations in East Asia
Daisy Kim
94
EAST ASIAN
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the very knowledgeable professor who was able to keep the class
engaged with materials such as videos and presentations. The course was well taught and it allowed
students to gain more understanding of migration in East Asia. The worst aspects of the course included
the hefty and sometimes overwhelming reading assignments. The course would improve if the reading
assignments were lessened and more balanced. Prospective students should know that this course
involves a high level of reading, but is an overall insightful course.
AS.310.321.01
Classical Chinese
Fang-Yi Chao
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.310.356.01
The Buddhist Experience
Jay Valentine
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the in-class meditation sessions, the passionate professor, engaging
lectures, and the interesting subject material. The worst aspects of the course included the dense and
hefty readings. Students felt like there were a lot of quizzes and assignments, many of which were
graded arbitrarily and rarely returned to students. The course would improve if there were fewer
assignments and readings, and if more discussions were woven into the class. Prospective students
should endeavor to stay caught up on the readings and engage themselves in this worthwhile class.
95
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
ECONOMICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.180.102.01-05; 07-10; 12-17; 20-24
Elem of Microeconomics
Bruce Hamilton
Overall quality of the class: 3.34
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting course material, the easy to follow notes and
lectures, and the few effective teaching assistants that were available for the course. The worst aspects
of the course included the harsh grading policy and grading system made up of only tests and quizzes, as
well as the course's overall level of difficulty. Students felt that the quizzes and practice tests were not
equal to the level of difficulty on the actual exams. The course would improve if the entire class and
grading system could be structured with more practice assignments and quizzes that could help
students understand the content better, and was at a level of difficulty equivalent to the exams.
Prospective students should know that the course is very challenging but if they attend all lectures and
take advantage of the supplementary materials, they will be successful in the course.
AS.180.215.01
Game Theory-Social Sci
Leyla Karakas
Overall quality of the class: 3.61
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject material and the engaging lecturer who
always conveyed the topics in a clear and understandable format. The worst aspects of the course
included the challenging exams and homework assignments, as well as the large class size. The course
would improve if there were more homework and test sample assignments to help students with the
difficult problems and the shortcomings of the textbook. Prospective students should prepare to be
challenged in this course and should endeavor to keep up with the material to ensure they are
successful.
AS.180.242.01
96
ECONOMICS
International Monetary Econ
Olivier Jeanne
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the relevant and applicable lectures. The worst aspects of the course
included the dull lectures, heavily weighted exams, and teaching methods of the professor. The course
would improve if the lectures were more engaging and interactive, in addition to the lecture slides being
available after class to students. The course would also improve if there were assignments in between
the exams so that student grades wouldn't be so heavily weighted on the exams. Prospective students
should know that the class is made up of three exams and if they attend all lectures and take advantage
of the review sessions held by the professor, they will do well in the course.
AS.180.243.01
Memorandums of Misunderstanding
Prathibashi Seneviratne
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting topics taught in class and the good flow of lectures
by the professor. The worst aspects of the course included the hefty workload and the scheduled class
time. The students felt like they were not given enough time on the midterms and that there were many
things expected from them in class. The course would improve if students had more practice problem
sets to help them with the exams. Prospective students should expect some interesting readings and
should have previous background knowledge in microeconomics.
AS.180.266.01
Finan Mrkts/Institutions
Missaka Warusawitharana
Overall quality of the class: 3.45
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject material as well as the supplemental
textbook and PowerPoint slides, as they were all helpful tools in helping students prepare for the exams.
The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy and dull lectures, as well as the arbitrary grading
structure. Some topics were never covered adequately enough to help students on the exams. The
course would improve if the lectures were divided into two sections and if they were more engaging.
Prospective students should have a financial and economic background to be successful in this practical
course.
AS.180.302.01-04
Macroeconomic Theory
Laurence Ball
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
97
ECONOMICS
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor's clear and informative lectures. The professor was
extremely knowledgeable and showed a genuine interest in the material. The worst aspect of the course
was its level of difficulty. Students felt the exams were very difficult and not proportionate to the
lectures and practice problems given in class. The course would improve if there were more review
problems and notes available to help students understand the content better. Prospective students
should know that previous knowledge in calculus is important in doing well in the course and that they
should be prepared to challenge themselves.
AS.180.334.01
Econometrics
Jorge Balat
Overall quality of the class: 3.41
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the comprehensive slides that the professor developed. Students
liked the pacing of the course, and praised the effectiveness of the TA. The worst aspect of the course
was the level of difficulty; the problem sets were lengthy and took a while to complete. Students
suggest shortening the problem sets and incorporating more examples into lecture. Prospective
students should have some background knowledge in statistics.
AS.180.334.02
Econometrics
Jorge Balat, Ryan Bush
Overall quality of the class: 3.41
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the TA, Ryan. Many students commended his teaching style, noting
that he made the course conceivable. Students thought that the problem sets were too long and the
workload in general was overwhelming. Overall, students believed that the course would improve by
making it more engaging. Prospective students should have some background knowledge in statistics.
AS.180.336.01
Economic Forecasting
Robert Barbera
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the professor and the application of lessons to real world
economics. The professor was very experienced and was able to synthesize previous economic
knowledge into meaningful lessons for the students. The worst aspects of the course included the
incessant presentations, the professor's illegible handwriting, and the lack of feedback on assignments.
The course would improve if the presentations could be limited and if the students had more feedback
98
ECONOMICS
on their work and memos. Prospective students should have a previous macroeconomics background
and be prepared to do lots of research.
AS.180.351.01
Labor Economics
Barbara Morgan
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the diverse material and articles, as well as the helpful
homework assignments and professor. The worst aspects of the course were the lengthy readings and
articles. The lectures were occasionally dull and the homework assignments were hefty and repetitive.
The course would improve if the lectures were more interactive and if the homework assignments were
lessened. Prospective students should have previous background in econometrics and expect an
interesting course.
AS.180.368.01
Managerial Econ/Business Strategies
J. Knapp
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the game that the very experienced professor introduced to the class.
He taught about business and economics in a very interactive but practical way that students could
appreciate and find useful. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of feedback on all assignments
done throughout the semester. Students never received their work back throughout the course and
were often unclear about directions and concepts. The course would improve if the students received
clear guidelines on the class structure and feedback on their work. Prospective students should be
prepared to participate in class and take advantage of the interesting class sessions to gain lots of useful
financial and economic lessons.
AS.180.389.01
Social Policy Implications of Behavioral Economics
Nick Papageorge
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interactive lectures and interesting course material. The
professor was not only enthusiastic in his teaching but helpful to students. The worst aspects of the
course included the early morning class time and the hefty writing/reading assignments. The course
would improve if the problem sets were discussed more in class and if the readings were perhaps
shortened. Prospective students should expect an interesting economics course and should stay on top
of the readings.
AS.180.390.01
99
ECONOMICS
Health Economics & Developing Countries
Mark Gersovitz
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.180.393.01
Economics of Africa
Mark Gersovitz
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the subject itself, and the guest speakers from the World Bank.
The worst aspects of the course included the lack of structure in the class regarding assignment
deadlines and the professor's discussions which seemed to stray very easily. Students were not provided
with previous background on Economics in Africa and there were only a few class meetings. The course
would improve if students had clearer assignment outlines and more class lessons. Prospective students
should know that the course meets only for half of the semester and that there is a 40 page paper due
at the end of the course.
100
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.520.142.01
Digital Systems Fundamentals
Gerard Meyer
Overall quality of the course: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the comprehensible manner with which the instructor delivered the
subject matter. Also, students appreciated being immersed into the rigorous practice of the
fundamentals of the digital system. A few students felt the instructor didn't provide enough feedback.
Students also felt the course progressed too slowly. Suggestions included incorporating more labs and
providing students with supplemental resources. Prospective students should know that this course
recaps the material learned in Intro to CE/EE.
EN.520.212.02
ECE Engineering Team Project (Freshmen and Sophomores)
Jin Kang
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the level of involvement comprised in the class, and the
functional products students were required to build as a part of a team. Some students felt that the
group jobs that pertained less to engineering and more to mechanics were disproportionately allocated
to underclassmen. One suggestion included providing more students with guidance when asked.
Another suggestion was making team meetings mandatory. Prospective students should know it's easy
to get off track with one's design team, and they should make certain that a structured plan is
implemented within their group.
EN.520.214.01-02
Signals & Systems I
Mounya Elhilali
101
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the course: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the material that related easily to real-life scenarios, as well as
the instructors enthusiasm while lecturing and constant eagerness to help the students. Some students
felt that the problem sets and concepts covered in class were not taught explicitly enough to prepare
them for the assignments and exams. Suggestions included taking more time on problem sets in class
and providing students with consistent feedback. Prospective students are encouraged to buy the
textbook and make themselves a study schedule because it's easy to get lost and/or fall behind.
EN.520.216.01
Intro to VLSI
Philippe Pouliquen
Overall quality of the course: 3.96
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the easy-to-follow lectures, the basic knowledge acquired of
Cadence, and the instructor's enthusiasm for the material. One student felt that the exams were graded
too harshly. Another student felt it was too easy to fall behind in the lectures. Suggestions included
having all the software and material ready before the start of the semester and incorporating small
assignments on layouts. Prospective students should know DSF and have a basic understanding of
circuits.
EN.520.220.01
Fields, Matter & Waves
Frederic Davidson
Overall quality of the course: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relevant and engaging textbook, the instructor's teaching
style, and how he effectively connected the material to applicable situations. One student felt there
were too many derivations in class. A few students felt the material was too abstract to fully
understand. Suggestions included incorporating more practice material and creating exams that are
more direct with the problems presented. Prospective students should know that they will need a lot of
independent time to practice and conceptualize the material.
EN.520.222.01
Computer Architecture
Robert Jenkins
Overall quality of the course: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the thorough notes provided by the instructor and the
intriguing material. Also, students appreciated the implementation of a grading curve since the exams
were difficult. Some students felt the instructor should have been more explicit in explaining the "how"
102
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
associated with the problems discussed in class. Suggestions included incorporating animations into the
classroom notes and assigning more practice problems. Prospective students should know that
background knowledge in CPU architecture is very beneficial, but not mandatory.
EN.520.353.01
Control Systems
Danielle Tarraf
Overall quality of the course: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's ability to thoroughly explain the concepts, the
challenging and relevant homework, and the intriguing material. One student felt the amount of
homework was excessive. Another student felt feedback should have been returned sooner. Suggestions
included overhauling the grading rubric and incorporating more practice problems. Prospective students
should know that this course is difficult and is not graded on a curve.
EN.520.372.01
Programmable Device Lab
Robert Glaser
Overall quality of the course: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting assignments and the hands-on lab experience.
One student felt they should not have been using outdated chips/technology. Another student felt the
instructor covered the material too fast. Suggestions included providing more detailed supplemental
material and offering more office hours. Prospective students are encouraged to pay attention to the
lectures, and study as much, and as often as possible.
EN.520.415.01
Image Process & Analysis II
John Goutsias
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the useful and interesting material, as well as the application
oriented projects. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy workload, and heavily weighted
exams. There were only two exams, which students felt was insufficient for the amount of material that
was actually covered in the class. The course would improve if the exams were reflective of material
students learned in class and if much of the content was covered in a more effective way. Prospective
students should have some background in Signals and Systems to prepare themselves for the challenge
of this course.
EN.520.424.01
FPGA Synthesis Lab
Robert Jenkins
103
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.433.01
Medical Image Analysis
Jerry Prince
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.434.01
Modern Biomedical Imaging Instrumentation and Techniques
Benjamin Tsui
Overall quality of this course: 4.27
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.448.01-02
Electronics Design Lab
Ralph Etienne Cummings
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the independent projects students got to work on, and the
hands-on experience of the class. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of guidance and
feedback on student projects. There was a lack of structure in the class and the professor didn't really
provide much assistance to students. The course would improve if the students had more guidance and
feedback on their work. Prospective students should know that the class is based on a project that they
will work through during the entire semester, and that they should choose a project that they will be
comfortable working with.
EN.520.450.01
Adv Micro-Processor Lab
Robert Glaser
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.453.02
Advanced ECE Engineering Team Project
Jin Kang
104
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the design project and the hands-on experience. Students
learned how to work effectively in teams and found the class project very interesting. The worst aspect
of the course was the challenging roadblocks students stumbled upon while doing the projects. The
course would improve if there was some provisional assistance for students throughout the semester.
Prospective students should expect to work on a group project and must participate regularly to be
successful in the course.
EN.520.482.01
Intro to Lasers
Jacob Khurgin
Overall quality of the class: 3.63
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.492.01
Mixed-Mode VLSI Systems
Philippe Pouliquen
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.499.04
Senior Design Project
Andreas Andreou
Overall quality of the class: 3.55
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the design project and the flexibility of the class. The worst
aspects of the course included the occasionally disorganized class structure and the lack of guidance
from the professor. There were lots of communication errors and some of the class expectations were
not always clear. The course would improve if there was more organization and structure. It would also
help if there was more guidance from the professor. Prospective students should have a good
knowledge of Microfabrication and prepare to do lots of independent work.
EN.520.611.01
Ultrafast Optical Phenomena
Mark Foster
Overall quality of this course: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
105
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.624.01
Integrated Photonics
Amy Foster
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.648.01
Compressed Sensing and Sparse Recovery
Trac Duy Tran
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the cutting-edge lessons on compressed sensing and the kind
professor. The topic was very interesting and students got to learn the practical aspect of things as well.
The worst aspects of the course included the challenging and comprehensive homework assignments,
many of which seemed to have a strong mathematical base. The course would improve if there were
more programming assignments and more challenging homework assignments to help student grapple
with the more difficult content. Prospective students should have some math background in this highly
recommended course.
EN.520.652.01
Filtering & Smoothing
Howard Weinert
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.666.01
Information Extraction
Sanjeev Khudanpur
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the useful content and material learned, as well as the
assignments and projects which helped students understand many of the topics. The worst aspects of
the course included the outdated research materials and hefty workload. The students felt that the
course was also too focused on speech. The course would improve if there was a better textbook and
more updated research materials. Prospective students should know that the course is challenging and
that a good knowledge of probability and statistics is helpful.
EN.520.680.01
Speech and Auditory Processing by Humans and Machines
Hynek Hermansky
106
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Overall quality of this course: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.702.01
Current Topics in Language and Speech Processing
Sanjeev Khudanpur
Overall quality of this course: 4.47
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.738.01
Adv Elec Lab Design
Ralph Etienne Cummings
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the practical and hands-on learning experience. Students were given
flexibility to work at their own pace and to do projects of their choosing. The worst aspect of the course
was the independent assignment. The course would improve if the students had more support and
resources from the professor, in addition to a clearer and better structured course syllabus. Prospective
students should know that the course is independently driven and they will get what they put into the
course.
EN.520.772.01
Adv Integrated Circuits
Ralph Etienne Cummings
Overall quality of this course: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
107
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.662.642.01
Management and Leadership
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the course: 4.37
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the experimental information and skills acquired; also, the
students appreciated the instructor's interactivity with them and the intriguing class discussions. One
student felt the energy of class was low. Another student felt that the instructor focused on certain
portions in more detail than others. Suggestions included incorporating group assignments and
providing students with handouts or PowerPoint slides on the material. Prospective students should
read all of the assigned readings and complete the out-of-class work; there is a lot of work, but it's all
packed with useful information.
EN.662.692.01
Venture Planning
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the course: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the wide range of topics that were thoroughly covered by the
instructor, as well as the practicality of the assignments. One student felt there was not enough
feedback given on the case studies. Another student felt the surprise assignments were unnecessarily
unexpected. Suggestions included providing more succinct class notes and slides, and more discussion
on the strategies presented in the required readings. Prospective students should know that financial
skills are important to know in order to complete the business plan assigned.
108
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
ENGLISH DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.060.100.01
Intro Expository Writing
William Evans
Overall quality of the course: 4.30
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the individualized attention and the consistent
feedback students received from the instructor. Some students felt that the pace of the course moved
too slowly and that the instructor was, at times, repetitive. One suggestion was to lessen the amount of
in-class reading. Another suggestion included expanding the variety of the readings. Prospective
students should prepare to work hard and to do a significant amount of writing.
AS.060.100.02-03
Intro Expository Writing
Anne-Elizabeth Brodsky
Overall quality of the course: 4.47
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the small class size and the quality of exposure to
writing skills and the analytical thinking process. Students also appreciated that the instructor made sure
that they had a firm understanding of the content before homework assignments were given. One
student felt that, at times, the instructor's directions for an assignment needed more clarity than what
was provided. Suggestions included more conference time with the instructor, less group work, and
smaller assignments (as opposed to 2 large writing assignments.) Prospective students should be aware
that the class requires a good deal of work, particularly writing, but that the instructor thoroughly
explains the writing process and conveys the content in a relatable way.
AS.060.107.01
Introduction to Literary Study
Mark Thompson
109
ENGLISH
Overall quality of the course: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the variety of texts used, the analytical approach to the content,
and the discussion-based format. Students also appreciated that the instructor was fun and engaging.
Some students felt that more guidance was needed in regards to the writing assignments and that the
reading assignments were too lengthy. Suggestions included advising students on specifics before
papers are assigned and facilitating the group discussions with more rigor. Prospective students should
be prepared to take thorough notes as the exams are partially based on in-class content; also, they
should be ready to offer criticism, analysis, and their participation in class discussion.
AS.060.107.02
Introduction to Literary Study
Jesse Rosenthal
Overall quality of the course: 3.00
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the in-class discussions and the variety of readings that
were assigned. Students also appreciated the small class size. Some students felt that the class was
often dominated by only a handful of students and that, at times, the material (the discussion topics,
responses, instructions on how to write stylistically and to properly analyze literature) was too vague.
Suggestions included providing the students with more feedback and allowing the students to facilitate
and direct the in-class discussions more. Prospective students should keep up with the readings and
participate in class discussions.
AS.060.114.01
Expository Writing
John Waterman
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the scope of discussion topics and the conferences that
provided students with invaluable help. Students also appreciated that the instructor was very
approachable and understanding. Some students felt that because feedback on essays wasn't given until
just before the next assignment was due, learning from their mistakes was difficult. Suggestions
included giving feedback sooner and discussing the writing process earlier in the semester rather than
later. Prospective students should know that the material is intriguing but that the writing assignments
can be challenging.
AS.060.114.02
Expository Writing
Robert Webber
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
110
ENGLISH
Some of the best aspects of this course included the interesting content and the thought-provoking and
helpful one-on-one meetings with the instructor. One student felt that not enough feedback from the
instructor was given. Another student stated that deadlines were announced too late. One suggestion
was to make sure the syllabus is up to date and that deadlines are given in advance. Prospective
students should be prepared to read a lot and steer clear of procrastination because the workload can
become difficult to manage.
AS.060.114.03
Expository Writing
Amanda Zecca
Overall quality of the course: 4.50
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the instructor's thorough explanation of the content
and her eagerness to help the students. Students also appreciated the interesting material. One student
felt that he/she was graded on the quality of his/her work rather than on improvement. Others noted
that they did not like the assignment structure. Suggestions included more readings and for the
instructor to grade based on a student's progress. Prospective students should know that the content is
interesting and that a lot of writing/rewriting will be required of them.
AS.060.114.05
Expository Writing
Anthony Wexler
Overall quality of the course: 4.85
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the in-class discussions and the variety of readings.
Students also appreciated the feedback the instructor provided them with. Some students felt that too
much writing was expected to be completed in a short amount of time. A common suggestion from
students was for the instructor to provide more time between essay deadlines. Prospective students
should be prepared to do a lot of writing and analyzing.
AS.060.114.06-07
Expository Writing
George Oppel
Overall quality of the course: 4.75
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the in-class discussions and the interesting literature.
Students also appreciated the conferences that the instructor held with them. Some of the students felt
that the course load and/or readings were too time-consuming and tedious. Suggestions included having
more in-class discussions in which students are encouraged to participate; also, providing the students
with a grading rubric. Prospective students are encouraged to participate in the group discussions and
must be prepared to do a lot of writing.
111
ENGLISH
AS.060.114.09
Expository Writing
Jacob Chilton
Overall quality of the course: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.114.10
Expository Writing
Grant Shreve
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.114.11
Expository Writing
Maria Lubina
Overall quality of the course: 4.80
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the clear expectations given by the instructor and the
well-paced structure of each class. Students also appreciated that a lot of the assignments revolved
around art. One student felt that it was unfair to have to accept all of the instructor's revisions on a draft
in order to get a good grade on the revision. One suggestion was to focus more on stylistic writing.
Prospective students should know that the grading can be tough and the course requires one's full
attention, but that the assignments and class discussions are engaging.
AS.060.114.12
Expository Writing
Nan Zhang
Overall quality of the work: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.114.13
Expository Writing
David Schley
Overall quality of the course: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.114.14-15
Expository Writing
112
ENGLISH
Marie O'Connor
Overall quality of the course: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material and the conferences with the
instructor. Students also appreciated the instructor's thorough feedback. Students felt too much class
time was devoted to lecture and that there was not enough required student participation. Suggestions
included typing or making legible the written feedback from the instructor and making class
participation mandatory. Prospective students should know that this class is writing-intensive.
AS.060.114.16
Expository Writing
Andrew Sisson
Overall quality of the course: 4.13
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the small class-size and the focus on old films. Students
appreciated the instructor's undivided attention, thorough explanations, and support on assignments.
Some students felt that the instructor's lectures were too long. Suggestions included more in-class
discussions, more conference time, and more workshops. Prospective students should know that this
class can improve their writing skills but that the grading can be tough.
AS.060.114.17
Expository Writing
Roger Maioli dos Santos
Overall quality of the course: 4.71
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the conferences and the small class size. Students also
appreciated the detailed feedback the instructor provided. Some of the students felt that the amount of
writing required was time-consuming. One suggestion was to make the final paper due the week of
finals. Prospective students should be prepared to write a lot and keep in mind that their final grade is
based on a total of four papers.
AS.060.114.18
Expository Writing
Matthew Flaherty
Overall quality of the course: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.138.01
No "I" in "News": The New Journalism, Hunter S. Thompson to David Foster Wallace
Douglas Tye
113
ENGLISH
Overall quality of the course: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material and the assignments that were thought-
provoking, making homework more enjoyable. Students appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm,
willingness to offer support, and flexibility in regards to out-of-class work. Some students felt that the
reading assignments were too large and that the quizzes were too tricky. Suggestions included spacing
out the workload more evenly throughout the semester and focusing on fewer texts. Prospective
students should know that the course covers work from contemporary writers; also, that it's absolutely
crucial to keep up as the instructor administers detailed pop quizzes on most of the readings.
AS.060.142.01
Censorship and Modern Literature
Robert Day
Overall quality of the course: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the diverse, intriguing selections of books and the engaging
lecturer. Some students felt the required reading workload was difficult to manage and excessive. A
common suggestion was to balance the workload when papers and a lot of reading were required within
the same week. Also, students found the group discussions lacking in substance. Prospective students
should know that the subject matter in this class may be considered racy and that a good deal of novel-
reading is expected.
AS.060.158.01
Advertising and Literary Modernism
Kara Wedekind
Overall quality of the course: 3.24
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the topic and the interesting reading material. Students also
appreciated the instructor's insightful commentary. A common opinion among students was that the
choices in literature were too difficult, particularly "The Ambassadors." Suggestions included
incorporating more focused in-class discussions while spending equal amounts of time on each novel.
Prospective students should know that the course requires a large amount of intense, at times difficult,
reading.
AS.060.201.01-04
The Nineteenth Century British Novel
Jesse Rosenthal
Overall quality of the course: 4.19
Summary:
114
ENGLISH
The best aspects of this course included the choice in literature, the dynamic in-class discussions, and
the relevant, well-organized content delivered in the lectures. Also, students appreciated the
instructor's enthusiasm for the subject. Some students felt that the amount of reading required was
excessive. Suggestions included lightening the required reading load or dividing the reading into two
half-week segments. Prospective students should know that a lot of time and reading is required in this
course but as long as they keep up, the workload is manageable and the class is enjoyable.
AS.060.260.01-02
Ethnic American Literature
Rani Neutill
Overall quality of the course: 3.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the diverse reading selection and the in-class discussions. Some
students found the lectures dry and monotonous because the instructor read from written notes and
essays. Suggestions included having the instructor adopt a more conversational lecturing style and
making the PowerPoint slides available online. Prospective students should be aware that a lot of
reading is required in this class and that it's absolutely imperative to attend each lecture.
AS.060.303.01
Literature of London
Jessica Valdez
Overall quality of the course: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-depth group discussions facilitated by the instructor and
the varied unique pieces of literature. Students also appreciated the instructors' genuine display of
interest in the material. Some students felt that the amount of required readings was extensive.
Suggestions included giving feedback quicker and changing the final from an exam to a paper
assignment. Prospective students should know that this course requires a lot of reading and that it's
very important to attend every class.
AS.060.311.01
On "Moral Insanity": Self-Control in Victorian Philosophy, Psychology...
Patrick Fessenbecker
Overall quality of the course: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the diverse topics discussed and the well-organized structure of
each class. One student felt that the instructor conveyed the subject matter through somewhat
convoluted, abstract lectures. Another student felt that the pop quizzes on the readings were
intentionally intricate. Suggestions included a more balanced approach to introducing the various
components (philosophy, psychology, etc.) and lightening the amount of reading required. Prospective
students should know that this course requires a great deal of reading and that the grading can be
stringent at times.
115
ENGLISH
AS.060.323.01
Modern British Poetry
Elizabeth Steedley
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the in-depth class discussions and the instructors' unique
methods for engaging the students in difficult material. The students also appreciated that the
instructor was available to help outside of class. Some students felt the material was a little "dry" at
times. Suggestions included encouraging more students to participate in the discussions and assigning
two to three larger papers, as opposed to several smaller ones. Prospective students should know that
this class consists of several small assignments and that the instructor is a strict grader.
AS.060.327.01
Best Sellers in the Early Nineteenth Century: Sir Walter Scott, Lord Byron...
Nicholas Bujak
Overall quality of the course: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material and the instructor's style in facilitating
class discussions. Students also appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm for the subject. Some students
felt that too much time was spent on Lord Byron. Suggestions included lightening the amount of
required reading and broadening the scope of authors studied. Prospective students should know that
this class requires a lot of reading, that quizzes are administered on a regular basis, but that the
instructor-led discussions are invaluable.
AS.060.354.01
Marlowe and Shakespeare's History Plays
Magdalena Vinter
Overall quality of the course: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the assigned readings and how motivated the instructor was.
Some students felt the required readings were too lengthy and pedantic. One suggestion was to read
the plays at a slower pace. Another suggestion was to make the questions on the quizzes less explicit.
Prospective students should know that if this class is offered next semester, it will unfortunately not be
with the same instructor.
AS.060.361.01
Literature, War, Trauma
Eric Sundquist
Overall quality of the course: 4.68
116
ENGLISH
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging class discussions and the intriguing choice of
material. Students also appreciated how enthusiastic and passionate the instructor was. Some students
felt that there were too many required readings. Suggestions included less supplementary readings and
more structured discussions. Prospective students should know that this class requires both a lot of
reading and writing.
AS.060.372.01
Melville, Poe, Hawthorne
Sharon Cameron
Overall quality of the course: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the insight the instructor provided into the readings and class
discussions. Also, students appreciated the instructor's engaging manner and commitment to providing
valuable feedback. Some students felt that the amount of required reading was too heavy and that
sometimes the in-class discussions felt strained. Suggestions included having students prepare their own
questions/prompts for discussions and lightening the amount of required readings. Prospective students
should know that the course requires a lot of reading and that it's important to come to class prepared.
AS.060.384.01
Jane Austen and the Eighteenth-Century Novel
Adam Grener
Overall quality of the course: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the well-facilitated in-class discussions and intricate passage
analysis. Students also appreciated how supportive and engaging the instructor was. Some students felt
that there was too much required reading. Suggestions included lightening the workload and giving out
one reading assignment each week as opposed to two. Prospective students should know that this class
requires a lot of reading and attention to detail, but the instructor is very eager to offer support.
AS.060.391.01
Early American Literature
Jared Hickman
Overall quality of the course: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the variety of texts required, as well as the engaging manner of
the instructor. Students appreciated the instructor's encouraging, motivated teaching style. Some
students felt that the required reading was too challenging and that feedback was not returned in a
timely manner. Suggestions included lightening the workload and spending more than one week on a
particular text. Prospective students should know that this class requires a lot of reading and a
substantial amount of writing as well.
117
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.660.103.01
The Promise and Peril of Microfinance
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the course: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material and its seminar-style format. One
student felt that the instructor did not provide enough feedback. Another suggestion was to incorporate
a more qualitative approach to micro-financing as opposed to a theoretical approach. Another
suggestion included providing slides or some other kind of supplemental material. Prospective students
should know this is considered by former students to be both an entertaining and informative
introductory course.
EN.660.105.01-06
Introduction to Business
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the course: 3.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing lectures, the helpful sections, the applicability of
the subject matter learned, and the supplemental lecture slides used by the instructor. Some students
felt that many of the assignments seemed more like "busy work." One suggestion was to incorporate
more critical thinking-based work. Another suggestion included providing more succinct guidelines for
the memo/case study assignments. Prospective students should know that this class is work-intensive
and that it involves a lot of independent work.
EN.660.105.07-08
Introduction to Business
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the course: 3.04
118
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures, the exposure to a variety of business
basics, and the helpful slides that were available. Some students felt there was too much "busy work"
assigned. Suggestions included lessening the workload, providing more background before assigning
homework, and incorporating more of a focus on one or two key business aspects. Prospective students
should know that this course involves a heavy workload.
EN.660.203.01
Financial Accounting
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the course: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the particular focus on group-discussion as opposed to
lecturing; also, students appreciated the instructor's ability to relate the material to realistic situations
and the engaging manner with which he taught the class. Some students felt that having homework due
every class was excessive. Students also felt the case studies were tacked onto the end of the semester
as "busy work." Suggestions included introducing the cases earlier in the semester and providing more
opportunities for the students to work through problems in class. Prospective students should know
that this course is work-intensive.
EN.660.203.02-03
Financial Accounting
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the course: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's effective style of teaching and the concise
presentation of the fundamentals of financial accounting. One student felt the homework was not
always relevant to the lectures. Another student felt the duration of the class was too lengthy.
Suggestions included slowing the pace of the class and utilizing PowerPoint slides. Prospective students
should know that it's imperative to keep up with the work and to go to the instructor for help as
needed.
EN.660.203.04
Financial Accounting
Gail Wright
Overall quality of the course: 3.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the online components that provided students with guidance
through the material, and the fact that the instructor was both knowledgeable and helpful. Some
students felt the instructor often went off on tangents during the lecture. Also, students wished the
instructor would have incorporated visual aids. Suggestions included replacing the quizzes with
119
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
mandatory homework assignments and offering the class twice a week as opposed to only once.
Prospective students should know this is a work-intensive course.
EN.660.203.05
Financial Accounting
Sean Furlong
Overall quality of the course: 4.66
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's concise presentation of the material, and the
PowerPoint slides that he provided were very useful. One student felt being required to learn definitions
and vocabulary was excessive. Another student struggled with the amount of incorrect material given in
the lecture notes. Suggestions included providing students with a definitive formula for quizzes and
exams and posting the slides online pre-lecture. Prospective students should know that there are
frequent quizzes given and multiple tests administered in this class.
EN.660.250.01
Principles of Marketing
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the course: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the group project, the instructor's enthusiasm for and
knowledge of the material, and the multiple opportunities students had to participate. One student felt
the instructor should have taken the pupils' interests into account when presenting various examples to
the class. Another student felt the textbook repeated information too much. Suggestions included
incorporating more contemporary videos and examples into the class, and spreading out the quizzes
throughout the semester. Prospective students should know that quizzes are administered every class.
EN.660.250.02
Principles of Marketing
Donna Crane
Overall quality of the course: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures, the instructor's interactive teaching style,
and the light workload. One student felt the grading was too harsh. Another student felt the cereal
project was tedious. Suggestions included more explicit feedback in regards to how and why an
assignment is graded a particular way; also, incorporating more multiple choice questions into the
exams. Prospective students should know this course requires a lot of work outside the classroom.
EN.660.250.03
Principles of Marketing
Marci DeVries
120
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Overall quality of the course: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the group collaboration, the key marketing skills learned, and
the relevant assignments. One student felt the lectures didn't delve deep enough into the material.
Another student felt the midterm was irrelevant to the material discussed in class. Suggestions included
making the exams as applicable as the homework is to the subject matter; also, providing students with
more than five questions per test. Prospective students are encouraged to thoroughly read the
textbook.
EN.660.250.04
Principles of Marketing
Josianne Pennington
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing lectures, the guest speakers, and the variety of
concepts introduced. Some students felt the instructor didn't provide enough feedback. Students also
felt the instructor was, at times, too nit-picky. Suggestions included testing students on practical
applications on exams and omitting multiple-choice; also, utilizing a better textbook would be beneficial.
Prospective students should know this is a reading-intensive class.
EN.660.250.05
Principles of Marketing
Theresa Jones
Overall quality of the course: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the informative class discussions, the intriguing material, and
the interactivity encouraged by the instructor. One student felt the weekly quizzes given were excessive.
Another student felt the duration of class was too long. Suggestions included making the groups smaller
for the group project, and incorporating time to review the material from the previous weeks' lessons.
Prospective students should know this is a reading-intensive course.
EN.660.303.01
Managerial Accounting
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the course: 4.37
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's willingness to help and the "real life" scenarios
she presented. One student felt that several assignments were often due on the same day. Another
student felt the instructor went through the material at too rapid a pace. Suggestions included
reviewing financial accounting a little more and providing students with short-answer problems on the
exams. Prospective students should know it's important to attend every class and take thorough notes.
121
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
EN.660.308.01
Business Law I
David Fisher
Overall quality of the course: 3.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the overview of the different types of law and the applicable
problem sets that were assigned. Some students felt that the class was too long and that the lectures
were often difficult to attend. One suggestion was to quicken the pace of the material presented
throughout the semester. Another suggestion included breaking the course into smaller segments twice
a week. Prospective students should know it's important to study the key terms.
EN.660.308.02
Business Law I
W Rakes
Overall quality of the course: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the practical material and engaging instructor. Some students
felt the exams were difficult to understand because they were poorly worded. One suggestion was to
incorporate more interactive activities as opposed to lectures. Another suggestion included posting the
class notes online. Prospective students should be interested in business entrepreneurship to fully enjoy
this course.
EN.660.310.01
Case Studies in Business Ethics
Mark Franceschini
Overall quality of the course: 3.91
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the documentaries, guest lecturers, and engaging class
discussions. One student felt the instructor didn't introduce all the material on which he/she was later
tested. Another student felt the grading on assignments was arbitrary. Suggestions included requiring
fewer pages on the final paper and incorporating some free-response questions into the exams.
Prospective students should know that this is a reading and writing-intensive course.
EN.660.311.01
Law and the Internet
Douglas Sandhaus
Overall quality of the course: 3.86
Summary:
122
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing material and the engaging instructor. One student
felt that only the fundamentals were covered in the lectures. One suggestion was to replace the final
paper with a group project. Another suggestion included incorporating guest lecturers. Prospective
students should be sure to attend every class and take thorough notes.
EN.660.321.01
Managing & Marketing Social Enterprises
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the course: 4.90
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussion-based format and the opportunity to learn
practical applications. One student felt the syllabus was vague. Another student felt that the instructor
didn't provide enough feedback. Suggestions included restructuring/clarifying the grading system and
streamlining the lectures. Prospective students should know they will be responsible for completing field
research in this writing-intensive course.
EN.660.332.01
Leadership Theory
William Smedick
Overall quality of the course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the group project, classroom discussions, and enthusiastic
instructor. One student felt that the deadlines for the project were not clearly defined. Another student
felt that the assignments were often repetitive. Suggestions included eliminating the New York Times
articles and providing students with more time on the reflection papers. Prospective students should
know this is a writing-intensive course.
EN.660.336.01
Community Engineering: Interdisciplinary Problem Solving-Community Base...
Peter Beilenson, Eric Rice
Overall quality of the course: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to work on a community-based project for the
greater good of Baltimore City, and the amount of independence provided to each student. Some
students felt they were not provided with enough instructor feedback. One suggestion was to have the
students start their community projects earlier in the semester. Another suggestion included utilizing
Blackboard. Prospective students should be prepared to take initiative and to do meaningful work within
the Baltimore City communities.
EN.660.340.01
Principles of Management
Illysa Izenberg
123
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
Overall quality of the course: 4.69
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lectures, in-class activities, feedback from the instructor on
memos, and the in-class discussions. Students really appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm for the
material. Some students found the weekly memos excessively time-consuming. One suggestion included
assigning students to groups so that they can meet new people. Prospective students should know that
there are weekly assignments and quizzes, but previously enrolled students found it to be a beloved
course.
EN.660.341.01
Business Process and Quality Management
Joshua Reiter
Overall quality of the course: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the lessons on how to manage a business. Students also
appreciated the group projects and the guest lecturers. One student felt there was an excessive amount
of group work required. Another student felt he/she was not academically-challenged enough.
Suggestions included providing students with more feedback and lecturing less from PowerPoint slides.
Prospective students should know this course consists of group work, a fair amount of writing, and class
presentations.
EN.660.352.01
New Product Development
Michael Agronin
Overall quality of the course: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to work with other students, the guest
lecturers, and the assignments that built up to a semester-long project. One student felt the grading
criterion was not always explained thoroughly. Another student wished he/she would have been able to
choose his/her group project partners. Suggestions included incorporating more interactivity into the
lectures and clarifying the project brainstorm. Prospective students should earnestly wish to develop a
new product, and know that they will be working in groups.
EN.660.354.01-02
Consumer Behavior
Donna Crane
Overall quality of the course: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging video clips, interesting case studies and labs, the
instructor's enthusiasm, and the applications to marketing. One student felt the instructor's grading
124
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
system was subjective. Another student felt the amount of group work required was excessive.
Suggestions included providing examples for the group case studies and incorporating more
independent assignments. Prospective students should know this course requires a lot of group work.
EN.660.370.01
Multinational Firms in the International Economy
Dorothee Heisenberg
Overall quality of the course: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.660.404.01
Business Law II
David Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the business law cases and the interesting material learned. The
worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class time and the dull lectures. The students also felt
that the exams were not reflective of what they learned and were sometimes unusually tricky. The
course would improve if the lectures were more engaging and inclusive of discussions. It would also
improve the course if exam questions were more straightforward and not tricky. Prospective students
should expect to learn a lot of interesting material in this informative Business Law course.
EN.660.420.01
Marketing Strategy
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.41
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor and practice lessons on marketing strategy. The
professor was extremely helpful and students enjoyed the case studies they worked with. The worst
aspects of the course included the weekly writing and reading assignments from a somewhat outdated
textbook. The course would improve if the case studies were replaced with newer and better cases than
the ones currently available. Prospective students should know that there is a quiz each week and lots of
weekly assignments to help them understand marketing strategy.
EN.660.450.01
Advertising & Integrated Marketing Communication
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
125
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT
The best aspect of the course was the invaluable hands-on experience students got in the class through
things like the campaign assignment. Students got to work on real life marketing campaigns in teams.
The worst aspects of the course included the unpredictable workload and poorly organized projects.
Students also had difficulty in their respective groups because many of the project managers were
unprofessional and disorganized. The course would improve if the projects were better managed from
the beginning to the end, if the quizzes were reduced or eliminated, and if there was more effective
communication between group members. Prospective students should know that the course is fun and
it will give lots of real-life experience and awareness of the advertising and marketing fields.
EN.660.665.01
Technology Entrepreneurship
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
126
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.061.141.01
Introduction to Cinema, 1941-present
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the course: 4.03
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the exposure to a wide range of interesting films and
the enjoyable, dynamic in-class discussions. Students also appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm for
the subject. Some felt that the instructor was too reliant on students providing precise answers.
Suggestions included shortening the class into smaller segments that meet biweekly and providing the
students with more detailed feedback on their returned work. Prospective students should know that
participation is required, attending the screenings is crucial, and that this class consists of a lot of
reading and writing.
AS.061.150.01
Introduction to Film Production
John Mann
Overall quality of the course: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on experience and the instructor's enthusiasm for
the subject. One student felt there was not enough class structure, particularly while waiting for film to
develop. Another student felt the class was too short. One suggestion was to make film groups smaller.
Prospective students should know that the class is a lot of fun and involves a large amount of
independent learning.
AS.061.152.01
Introduction to Digital Film
Jimmy Roche
Overall quality of the course: 4.75
127
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to create one's own film and the lessons on
effectively operating a DSLR camera. Students also appreciated the enthusiasm the instructor expressed
on the subject. Some students felt that the availability of only three cameras made filming their projects
hectic and/or rushed. A common suggestion for improving this class was to acquire more filming
equipment, particularly cameras. Prospective students should be genuinely interested in making movies
and must be prepared to pay close attention to the instructor's directions.
AS.061.209.01
Special Topics: Surrealism and Film
Karen Yasinsky
Overall quality of the course: 4.13
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course were the discussions and the unique films the students watched.
Students also appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm for the content. Some students reportedly felt
confused during lectures and a few did not like the Sunday screenings. Suggestions included
incorporating an easier-to-understand syllabus and holding class on a weekday. Prospective students
should know that the material in this class can be complex. Also, it's crucial to pay attention, and regular
write-ups are required.
AS.061.225.01
Special Topics: Introduction to Animation
Karen Yasinsky
Overall quality of the course: 4.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.061.245.01
Introduction to Film Theory
Suzanne Roos, Meredith Ward
Overall quality of the course: 4.15
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the class discussions and the instructors' lectures that
were well organized. Students also appreciated the instructor's engaging demeanor. Some of the
students felt that the readings were dense. Suggestions for improvement included devoting more
discussion time to the films and omitting either the final exam or the final paper. Prospective students
should know that class discussions often revolve around assigned readings, so keeping up with the work
is important; also, students are required to present in front of the class.
AS.061.339.01
A Cinema Of Anxiety: Film Noir
Lucy Bucknell
128
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
Overall quality of the course: 4.75
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the detailed feedback provided by the instructor and
the instructor's informed passion in regards to the subject. One student felt that a negative aspect of
the class was screening two films per week. One suggestion was to shorten the amount of screenings
per week to just one. Another suggestion was to provide students with the opportunity to explore more
diverse noir films. Prospective students should know that an introductory course helps but is not
mandatory in regards to the technical, lexical, and analytical class discussions.
AS.061.342.01
Going "On the Road": The Road Movie
Linda DeLibero, Meredith Ward
Overall quality of the course: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-depth class discussions and the engaging way in which
the instructor lectured. Students appreciated how informative and passionate the instructors were
about the course material. Some students felt that the material in the textbook was obsolete and
inaccurate and that the length of the class was too long. Suggestions included getting rid of the textbook
and having more instructor-facilitated discussions than student projects. Prospective students should
have a working knowledge of film analysis and should be prepared to do a lot of reading.
AS.061.356.01
Narrative Productions
Matthew Porterfield
Overall quality of the course: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included being a part of a film production team and also getting to
collaborate with students from MICA. Some students felt that instructors' feedback focused too much
on cinematography, editing, aesthetics, and that the actual class was unnecessarily long with too much
unstructured class time. Suggestions included incorporating students from Peabody and providing more
structure during class. Prospective students should only take "Narrative Productions" if they are serious
about learning film production as the course work takes up a lot of time. Also, most of the work occurs
outside the classroom.
AS.061.381.01
Sound on Film
Karen Yasinsky
Overall quality of the course: 4.55
Summary:
129
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity for students to work with sound engineers and
composers, as well as the creative freedom the instructors provided. Some students felt that it was
asking too much of them  the regularly assigned readings and reading responses on top of the 2 film
projects. One suggestion was for instructors to make clear what each person is responsible for within
their assigned team. Another suggestion was to nix the reading reviews. Prospective students should
know that the course requires a great deal of time, and a working knowledge of film production is highly
recommended.
AS.061.397.01
French Masculinities
Laura Mason
Overall quality of the course: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the dynamic in-class discussions and the instructor's choice of
films. Students also appreciated the instructor's intriguing historical analyses that provided students
with new perspectives on the progression of masculinity through film. Some students felt the assigned
readings were either too large or undefined, or that they did not correspond appropriately with the
film/topic. Suggestions included having more discussions about the films and less discussions about the
readings, as the density of the reading assignments seemed to prevent students from contributing in
class.
AS.061.420.01
The French New Wave
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of the course: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
130
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
GENERAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.500.401.01
Research Laboratory Safety
Daniel Kuespert
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
131
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.570.110.01
Introduction to Engineering for Sustainable Development
Erica Schoenberger
Overall quality of the course: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the guest lecturers, the opportunity to create one's own
project, and the discussion-based format. Some students felt the class needed more structure. Also
students felt the expectations for the projects were not well-explained. Suggestions included varying the
responses to each of the readings and incorporating a few more lectures from the class instructor.
Prospective students should know this is a reading-intensive class.
EN.570.210.01
Computation/Math Modeling
Peter Wilcock
Overall quality of the course: 3.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the workshops, useful and applicable material, as well as the
opportunity for students to learn Excel as a practical tool. A few students felt the lectures were not
relatable to the course content. Students also felt the homework was too long and excessively tedious.
Suggestions included providing students with more time to work on problem sets and devoting more
class time to learning code. Prospective students should know that this is a work-intensive class.
EN.570.239.01
Emerging Environ Issues
A Roberts
Overall quality of the course: 3.70
Summary:
132
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing subject matter, the instructor's organization of
the material, and the applications and solutions used in class. One student felt the instructor was
consistently too busy to meet outside of class with students who were struggling. Another student felt
the expectations were unclear regarding quizzes and exams. Suggestions included clarifying the grading
system and hiring a TA for the class. Prospective students should know the course involves a great deal
of organic chemistry.
EN.570.302.01
Water & Wastewater Treatment
William Ball
Overall quality of the course: 3.52
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lecture slides being made available on Blackboard, the class
field trip, and the instructor's lecturing style. Some students found it difficult to prepare for exams
because what one was expected to know was often minute and nit-picky. One suggestion was to
incorporate more design samples. Another suggestion was pacing the class slower throughout the
duration of a semester. Prospective students should know that the homework and PowerPoint slides are
key study guides for the quizzes and exams.
EN.570.304.01
Environmental Eng Lab
A Roberts
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the helpful pre-lab handouts, the opportunity to apply one's
knowledge to lab work, and the level of intellectual rigor expected from the students. A few students
felt the instructor's expectations were, at times, unclear. One student felt the time commitment was
excessive. Suggestions included adopting a less-intense grading system and providing students with
more feedback. Prospective students should know that the work required for this course is time-
consuming.
EN.570.328.01
Geography & Ecology of Plants
Grace Brush
Overall quality of the course: 3.66
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the field trip, the opportunity for students to select the focus of
their final project, and the intriguing discussion topics. Some students felt that the expectations for the
final project needed clarification. One suggestion included incorporating more interactive lectures.
Another suggestion was providing more time for one-on-one conferences and project updates with the
instructor. Prospective students should know that their grade is based on one assignment  the final
project.
133
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
EN.570.407.01
Comparison of Environmental Challenges and Governance in China and the U.S.
Hedy Alavi, Edward Bouwer
Overall quality of the course: 3.68
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the video-conferences with students in China. Also, students
appreciated that the instructor provided both thorough guidance throughout the semester and explicit
feedback. Some students felt the instructor often went on tangents during lectures, at times speaking
over the guest lecturer. One suggestion was to incorporate more class discussions. Another suggestion
included more awareness of how class time is managed. Prospective students are encouraged to pay
attention to the key governance frameworks that are discussed, as they will be useful to the midterm
and final.
EN.570.418.01
Multi-objective Programming and Planning
Justin Williams
Overall quality of the course: 4.40
Summary:
This course had 5 or fewer responses.
EN.570.421.01
Env Eng Design II
Edward Bouwer, Peter Wilcock
Overall quality of the course: 2.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the communication with actual clients, the open-ended
discussion format, and the exposure to new engineering concepts. Several students felt the expectations
on assignments were often unclear and the absence of communication between the instructors was
apparent. One suggestion included giving each team an individual project and budget. Another
suggestion was to provide students with more access to resources, including lectures given by guest
speakers with more relevant association. Prospective students should know this course is great
preparation for what they will need to know as beginning engineers, but the learning curve is
considerably steep.
EN.570.423.01
Princip of Geomorphology
Peter Wilcock
Overall quality of the course: 3.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
134
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
EN.570.428.01
Problems in Applied Economics
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of the course: 4.95
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the opportunity for students to conduct independent research.
Students appreciated the fact that issues and problems presented were not from a textbook and that
the instructor was distinguished in this particular field of work. Students felt that the required work
piled up too quickly and that there was too much unstructured class time. Suggestions included
incorporating weekly meetings with the student's entire team. Prospective students should know it's
pertinent that they manage their time.
EN.570.432.01
Sediment Transport & River Mechanics
Peter Wilcock
Overall quality of the course: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the informative lectures, lessons on HEC-RAS, and the fat that
there were no exams. One student felt the project seemed rushed and haphazardly put together.
Another student felt the lectures were tedious at times. Suggestions included improving the
communication between the instructors and incorporating more in-class activities and discussions.
Prospective students should know that the course requires a lot of self-initiative.
EN.570.441.01
Environmental Inorganic Chemistry
Alan Stone
Overall quality of the course: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer responses.
EN.570.446.01
Bio Process Water/Wastewater Trtmt
Edward Bouwer
Overall quality of the course: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the problems that were broken down into understandable segments
for the benefit of the students. The course covered basic processes regarding wastewater treatment and
gave students a comprehensive understanding of the operation procedure in a wastewater treatment
plant. Some students felt the assignments were purposefully excessive and too difficult to complete.
One suggestion included shortening the study guides. Another suggestion was not making the final exam
135
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
cumulative. Prospective students should know that background knowledge in physiochemical treatment
methods is beneficial.
EN.570.448.01
Phys/Chem Processes II
Kai Loon Chen
Overall quality of the course: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the note packets, the handouts designed so that students can
add additional notes, and the organized lectures. One student felt that the course focused too much on
theoretical aspects and derivations, and not enough on understanding practical concepts. Another
student felt the grading system was "draconian." Suggestions included providing students with partial
credit and better feedback on returned assignments. Prospective students should know that they will
learn a lot in this course, but must be prepared to complete a lot of Excel spreadsheets.
EN.570.449.01
Social Theory for Engineers
Erica Schoenberger
Overall quality of the course: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.452.01-02
Exper Meth Env Eng Chem
Alan Stone
Overall quality of the course: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.470.01
Applied Econ & Finance
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of the course: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.491.01
Hazardous Waste Eng & Mgmt
Hedy Alavi
Overall quality of the course: 3.75
Summary:
136
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
The best aspect of this course was the notes that were provided online. Students also appreciated
learning about EPA regulations regarding hazardous waste, and the instructor for not making the
required readings and homework excessively difficult. One student felt the instructor read too much
verbatim from PDF notes. Another student felt the class was too long, that it should have been divided
into halves twice a week. Prospective students should know that note sheets are permitted with the
exams and they should put as much as they can onto their note sheets.
EN.570.521.01
Landscape Hydrology and Watershed Analysis
Ciaran Harman
Overall quality of the class: 3.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the passionate professor, the useful lessons on hydrology, and
the enlightening readings and discussions. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of feedback
given on assignments and the hard to follow lectures. The professor had very high expectations and
seemed to give out a heavy amount of assignments in an effort to cover so much material at once. The
course would improve if students received feedback on their assignments so that they could individually
identify areas of improvement. Prospective students may find the subject interesting if they are
interested in hydrology, but should expect lots of reading and writing.
EN.570.601.01
IGERT Water, Climate and Health
Grace Brush
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.607.01
Energy Pol & Plan Models
Benjamin Hobbs
Overall quality of the class: 4.68
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lectures, the professor's teaching style, and the different
types of models students learned in class. The students also found the discussions, notes, and
assignments very helpful. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy workload and difficult
exams. The course would improve if there were more lessons on energy policy, average cost pricing, and
energy system modeling. Students also recommend more practical and creative projects/lessons.
Prospective students should be prepared to spend lots of time with some very challenging homework
assignments, and should have a good math background to take this course.
EN.570.618.01
Multiobject Programming and Planning
Justin Williams
137
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of this course: 4.42
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.633.01
Stochastic Simulation and Game Theory
Seth Guikema
Overall quality of this course: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.634.01
Foundational Literature of Risk and Decision Analysis
Seth Guikema
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class discussions and variety of topics learned in class. The
worst aspects of the course included the awkward Friday class time and the complex reading material.
Students felt like some of the discussions were repetitive and that the professor could have given more
feedback on how they were performing in the class. The course would improve if there was more
feedback on student assignments, and if there were more effective ways of engaging the students.
Prospective students should have a good background in probability and statistics.
EN.570.657.01
Air Pollution
Joseph Ellis
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting lectures, wide range of topics covered, and the
very enthusiastic professor. The professor showed a genuine interest in helping students learn the
material and was very flexible with the class. The worst aspect of the course was the professor's
disorganized lectures because he would sometimes leave out vital information. Students also felt that
the lessons on Air Pollution were repetitive. The course would improve if there were more detailed and
organized lessons on Air pollution. Prospective students should prepare for some challenging weekly
assignments, and must have a strong engineering/math background to understand many of the
concepts.
EN.570.659.01
Environmental Policy Analysis
Catherine Norman
Overall quality of this course: 4.09
138
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.676.01
Stochastic Programming
Joseph Ellis
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the wide range of topics covered on stochastic programming.
The professor was kind, approachable, and knowledgeable in the subject of stochastic programming.
The worst aspects of the course included the professor's fast paced lessons and the lack of adequate
practice assignments for students to really understand the concepts. The course would improve if there
were more practice problems and more detailed class lessons. Prospective students should have some
previous background in optimization algorithms.
139
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.210.102.01
French Elements II
Pervinca Rista
Overall quality of the course: 4.88
This class had 5 or fewer responses.
AS.210.102.02
French Elements II
Claude Guillemard
Overall quality of the course: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included trips to the language lab, quizzes, the option to drop one's
lowest score, and the focus on discussion-based learning as opposed to memorization. Students also
appreciated the instructor's lecturing style and enthusiasm for the course content. Some students felt
that there was not enough emphasis on the oral facets of the language. Suggestions included clarifying
assignment requirements more and providing students with more opportunities to speak the language
in class. Prospective students should be prepared for a sizeable amount of work and are encouraged to
take advantage of the language lab.
AS.210.102.03
French Elements II
Kathryn Haklin
Overall quality of the course: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the frequent homework assignments  students can review
recently-learned material while earning points at the same time; the instructor's feedback on
assignments was helpful and relevant; and the majority of the class was taught in French. Students also
140
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm for the material. Some students didn't find the Tuesday class
helpful; that because of the large class size, the students found adequate participation difficult to
achieve. Suggestions included incorporating more opportunities to practice pronunciation and providing
more quizzes/tests but with less cumulative content on each. Prospective students should know that
this course requires a lot of studying but the instructor allows students to turn in corrected work for
extra points.
AS.210.102.04
French Elements II
Autumn Vowles
Overall quality of the course: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the incorporation of hands-on, interactive activities, the
exposure to French both in oral and improvisational situations, the productive class discussions, and the
instructor's ability to convey the concepts in a simple, understandable manner. One student felt that the
progression of the course throughout the semester was slow. Another student felt that the Tuesday
meetings became repetitive toward the end of the semester. Suggestions included incorporating more
opportunities for conversational practice in class and changing the time of the Tuesday section to later
in the day. Prospective students should know that the material builds on itself as the semester
progresses; it's extremely important to keep up with the assignments.
AS.210.111.01
Spanish Elements I
Matteo Cantarello
Overall quality of the course: 4.17
This course had 5 or fewer responses.
AS.210.111.02
Spanish Elements I
Mary Speer
Overall summary of the course: 3.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size, the creative assignments designed by the
instructor, and the incorporated repetition that helped students better understand the material. One
student felt that the mid-term requirement of a five minute conversation was excessive for a 100 level
class. Some students felt the instructor's teaching format was ineffective and/or disorganized.
Suggestions included posting notifications on Blackboard regarding homework due dates and allowing
students more preparation time for the conversational portion of the exams. Prospective students
should know the homework for this course is due online and it's important that they follow along.
AS.210.112.02-03
Spanish Elements II
141
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Michelle Tracy
Overall quality of the course: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the integration of frequent exercises, the small class size, and
that the textbook was relevant and corresponded appropriately to the lectures. Students appreciated
the instructors' willingness to help, and overall interaction. Some students felt the grading on written
assignments was needlessly tough, and the instructor was at times, difficult to keep up with.
Suggestions included utilizing a different online component and incorporating more reviews prior to
exam dates. Prospective students are encouraged to pace themselves when studying for exams in this
course; it's not possible to cram the night before and get a good grade.
AS.210.112.04
Spanish Elements II
Christian Pack
Overall quality of the course: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the real-world examples and situations provided by the
instructor, the class discussions, and the instructor's interactive lecturing style. One student didn't
appreciate that an expensive required text was never used. Another student felt that class time wasn't
always used effectively. Suggestions included spending more time on grammatical concepts and getting
rid of MySpanishLab. Prospective students are encouraged not to wait to complete the lab activities.
AS.210.112.05
Spanish Elements II
Lauren Judy
Overall quality of the course: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's availability to answer questions and provide
help, the oral activities were advantageous in learning and understanding the language better, and the
chances to practice speaking firsthand proved invaluable during test times. One student felt that the
absence of partial credit made tests excessively difficult. Another student felt that the MySpanishLab
was such an unreliable program that using it felt counterintuitive to learning the material. Suggestions
included explaining directions to students in English and incorporating more speaking time during class.
Prospective students should know that frequent tests are administered in this course.
AS.210.112.06
Spanish Ents II
Francisco Gomez Martos
Overall quality of the course: 3.89
Summary:
142
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
The best aspects of this course included the conversational classroom format, the wide breadth of
knowledge obtained throughout the semester, and the instructor's approachability. Students also
appreciated that the instructor taught enthusiastically. One student felt that assigning smaller, more
frequent homework assignments would be more beneficial than dispensing large compilations. Another
student felt that there was no way for students who show improvement to boost their grade; that the
grading system was unforgiving toward students who didn't have a strong comprehension of the
language prior to taking the course. Suggestions included incorporating more assignments that are less
textbook-reliant and eliminating the MySpanishLab requirements. Prospective students should know the
class is considerably challenging but invaluably educational.
AS.210.152.01
Italian Elements II
Lorenzo Bacchini
Overall quality of the course: 3.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.152.02
Italian Elements II
Maria Assunta Farisco
Overall quality of the course: 3.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.152.03
Italian Elements II
Rebecca Lee Green
Overall quality of the course: 3.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interactive environment, the many opportunities for
students to improve their grades, and that the small sections made it easier to participate in class. Some
students felt the cumulative exams were excessively more difficult than expected and didn't properly
test students' demonstration of material learned in class. One suggestion included providing students
with vocabulary lists. Another suggestion was to include a mixture of contemporary media  news
broadcasts, movies, Top 40 Italian pop songs, etc. Prospective students should know that doing well on
the homework doesn't necessarily mean that they will master the exams; consistent studying and
practice are invaluable means of preparation.
AS.210.152.05
Italian Elements II
Alyssa Falcone
Overall quality of the course: 3.76
143
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the effective use of conversational Italian, the interactive
lessons, and the instructor's thorough explanation of the material. One student felt there was not
enough focus on grammar and vocabulary. Another student felt some of the subject matter was covered
too fast. Suggestions included providing a new textbook, a more succinct syllabus, and spreading out the
Sentieri exercises. Prospective students should know that this course focuses primarily on
conversational speaking and that attendance is mandatory.
AS.210.162.01
German Elements II
Rainer Burkard
Overall quality of the course: 4.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's unique teaching techniques, the consistent,
thorough feedback provided, and the small class size. Some students felt the workload was excessive.
One suggestion included clarifying the homework schedule. Another suggestion included coming up
with a song containing Germanic adjective endings. Prospective students should know they have to be
extremely organized to keep track of the homework and that it's important to turn everything in on
time.
AS.210.162.02
German Elements II
James Pelcher
Overall quality of the course: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.162.03
German Elements II
Nina Tolksdorf
Overall quality of the course: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the creative writing and project-based assignments, the
instructors who were engaged in the students' progress throughout the semester, and the various
media incorporated into the lessons  videos, audio, texts, etc. One student felt that the workbook
assignments were often tedious and repetitive. Another student felt the majority of the assigned work
tended to be "mushed" into the weekends. Suggestions included focusing more on the oral practice of
the language and keeping a consistent pace throughout the semester. Prospective students should be
prepared to learn at a quick pace.
AS.210.162.04
German Elements II
Deborah Mifflin
144
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the course: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included how organized the instructor was, the pace at which the
content was taught, and that the exercises and in-class activities were invaluably helpful with learning
the language. Students also appreciated that the instructor was eager to help and easy to approach.
Some students felt that there was too much "busy work" assigned. Suggestions included incorporating
additional class presentations and combining more of a cultural aspect into some of the lessons.
Prospective students should know it's helpful to have a strong background in German and that they
should be prepared to do a lot of work both in and out of class.
AS.210.178.01
Portuguese Elements II
Mary Bensabat Ott
Overall quality of the course: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the useful mini-compositions and the instructor's relaxed and
inviting lecturing style that was conducive to student participation and effort. One student felt that the
instructor often didn't follow the syllabus. Another student felt there was a lack of organization in the
course. Suggestions included incorporating a Blackboard site to keep the students informed of their
progress; also, for the instructor to integrate more mixed media into the lessons. Prospective students
should know that the instructor starts speaking/teaching in Portuguese on the very first day, so it's
important to stay alert in class and to keep up with the work.
AS.210.202.01
Intermediate French II
Ioana Cooper
Overall quality of the course: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the oral evaluations and in-class compositions, the instructor's
interactive teaching methods, and the small class size. Some students felt the QUIA exercises online
were tedious. One suggestion was to make more peer-to-peer in-class conversations mandatory and in a
presentational format. Another student suggested discussing the plot of the novel more in class.
Prospective students are encouraged to keep up with the reading in order to comprehend and perform
well in class.
AS.210.202.02
Intermediate French II
Rebecca Loescher
Overall quality of the course: 4.35
Summary:
145
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
The best aspects of this course included the introduction to French culture, the small class size, the
feedback provided by the instructor, and the overall invaluable language acquisition. One student felt
that it was difficult having quizzes, movies, journal entries due around the same time. Another student
felt the in-class work didn't focus on the material that they were later tested on. Suggestions included
more language-based conversations and more grammar practice. Prospective students should know
there is a lot of mixed day-to-day work involved in this course  quizzes, vocabulary, online exercises,
journal entries, readings, etc.
AS.210.202.03
Intermediate French II
Sophie Turner
Overall quality of the course: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the incorporation of French culture into the curriculum, the
many opportunities to improve writing and reading skills, and the instructor's approachability and
enthusiasm for the material. One student felt that reading M. Ibrahim was useless since many students
didn't complete the reading and, when they did, expressed that the reading didn't augment their
learning of French. Another student felt the grading system was unclear. Suggestions included more
interactivity during lectures and planning the syllabus so that the exercises, evaluations, and
interrogations don't fall within the same week. Prospective students are encouraged to be meticulous
when writing their in-class compositions.
AS.210.202.04
Intermediate French II
Jena Whitaker
Overall quality of the course: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the various forms of language immersion utilized, the relaxed
atmosphere regarding the oral evaluations, and the instructor's means of teaching interactively.
Students also appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm for the course content. Some students felt that
the course was not as challenging as they would have liked. Suggestions included dispersing the weekly
schedules sooner and making peer-to-peer conversations in French mandatory. Prospective students
should already have a good grasp of the language and be ready to learn.
AS.210.202.05-06
Intermediate French II
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of the course: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the language lab and the pronunciation exercises, the small
group atmosphere, and the interesting topics involving colloquial French terms. Some students felt that
the class involved a lot of "busy work." Some students also felt that the instructor piled on assignments
146
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
and exams mid-semester, making the workload seem unbalanced. Suggestions included changing the
book read in class and incorporating more films. Prospective students should stay as involved as possible
in class discussions.
AS.210.211.02-03
Intermediate Spanish I
Sergio Ruiz-Perez
Overall quality of the course: 3.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-class discussions and that the instructor stuck to the
syllabus. Some students felt that the instructor went through the content way too quickly. Some
students felt the disparity between students' varied Spanish-speaking capabilities made class time,
particularly discussions, difficult to maintain and learn from. Suggestions included more engagement
from the instructor, and moving through the material at a slower pace. Prospective students should be
familiar with the verb tenses and grammar because there's no review of those topics.
AS.210.211.04
Intermediate Spanish I
Barry Weingarten
Overall quality of the course: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the numerous opportunities to speak Spanish in class, the small
class size, and the varied assignments that counted toward the final grade. One student felt that the
class attendance policy was unforgiving. Another student felt that too many lessons originated solely
from the course textbook. Suggestions included allowing extra credit assignments and eliminating
MySpanishLab. Prospective students should check the syllabus often in order to keep up with
assignments and attend every class.
AS.210.212.01
Intermediate Spanish II
Julia Baumgardt
Overall quality of the work: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the clear deadlines and that the instructor followed the syllabus
closely; also, students appreciated the instructor's comprehensive teaching style and that she
encouraged students to practice with one another in class. Several students considered MSL the worst
aspect of the class. One suggestion was for the instructor to incorporate more literature. Another
suggestion was to replace the online assignments with physical homework sheets. Prospective students
should know that this course involves a lot of conversation; participation is a large part of one's final
grade.
AS.210.212.02
147
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Intermediate Spanish II
Christopher Ray
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the structured syllabus, the online homework assignments, that
the instructor didn't lecture as if regurgitating content from the textbook, and the overall change in MSL
grading policies. One student felt that sometimes there was disparity between the grammar rules
learned in class and how the students were required to use the grammar rules in conversation. Another
student felt the textbook wasn't helpful. Suggestions included incorporating more discussion
opportunities, adding more quick practice and review problems into the regular class routine, and
making participation mandatory. Prospective Students should know that all material from Intermediate
Spanish I should be reviewed before the course begins and that participation is crucial for a good grade.
AS.210.212.03-04
Intermediate Spanish II
Barry Weingarten
Overall quality of the course: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the many opportunities to participate and that the content was
challenging without being excessive. One student felt that the instructor was exceedingly critical.
Another student felt the themes for the composition topics and the speaking portions of the exams did
not supply pupils enough substantial material with which to work. Suggestions included having oral
exams in the hallway as opposed to in front of the class. Prospective students are encouraged to
complete the readings before class.
AS.210.212.05
Intermediate Spanish II
Christopher Kozey
Overall quality of the course: 3.78
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the reasonable pace throughout the semester and the small
class-size. One student felt that too much was done straight out of the textbook. Another student felt
there was too much focus on grammar and not enough focus on application. Suggestions included
incorporating more practical, less political dialogue, and providing students with more opportunities to
practice speaking. Prospective students should not wait until the last minute to complete the online
homework; the grading policy is strict for this course.
AS.210.252.01
Intermediate Italian II
Janet Gomez
Overall quality of the course: 3.50
148
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.252.02
Intermediate Italian II
Troy Tower
Overall quality of the course: 2.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the Italian grammatical structure, the incorporation of daily
conversations, and the instructor's availability to help. One student felt the selected course material was
ambiguous and didn't focus enough on concepts pertinent to Italian culture. Some students felt that the
instructor's preference for both Dropbox and email made it difficult to keep the assignments and other
course material organized; that he should use Blackboard in the future. Suggestions included utilizing a
more contemporary classroom and combining more grammar into the class routine. Prospective
students should know that this class requires a lot of work outside of the classroom.
AS.210.252.03
Intermediate Italian II
Michele Zanobini
Overall quality of the course: 4.22
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.262.01
Intermediate German II
Christina Hinz
Overall quality of the course: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.262.02
Intermediate German II
Bryan Klausmeyer
Overall quality of the course: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunities to learn about German culture, the relevant
textbook and the in-class discussions. Some students felt that the instructor was unorganized and that
some of the lessons repeated each other. One suggestion was to incorporate more time for oral
practice. Another suggestion was to require that more German be spoken in class. Prospective students
should know that this course contains creative projects and a large amount of grammar review.
AS.210.262.03
149
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Intermediate German II
Heidi Wheeler
Overall quality of the course: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the feedback provided by the instructor, the intriguing course
material, and the in-class conversations. One student felt that the leap from Intermediate I (textbook
material) to Intermediate II (more "real life" material) was too large. Another student felt the class was
unorganized. Suggestions included fewer abstract topics and even more opportunities to speak.
Prospective students are encouraged to practice speaking German outside of class.
AS.210.266.01
German Conversation
Deborah Mifflin
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fun and informal environment and the instructor's
enthusiasm for the subject. One student felt the majority of the class was comprised of worksheets and
non-conversational group or individual work  not what the class title suggested. One suggestion
included incorporating more conversation into the class. Another suggestion was to provide more
vocabulary. Prospective students should contribute to the conversations as much as possible.
AS.210.278.01
Intermed/Adv Portuguese
Mary Bensabat Ott
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small group atmosphere, the strong focus on oral
Portuguese, and the instructor's enthusiasm for the course content. One student felt that, at times, the
class was too unstructured. Another student felt the subjects covered were too esoteric. Suggestions
included requiring less memorization on the exams and incorporating the use of a textbook. Prospective
students should have a genuine interest in expanding their knowledge of the language and be prepared
to complete a lot of work outside the classroom.
AS.210.302.02; 06
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Bruce Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interactive class atmosphere and the professor who went
out of his way to make sure students understood the material. One of the worst aspects of the course
150
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
was the hefty writing assignments. Also, students found some of the lectures to be repetitive and
impersonal, as well as a lack of feedback on assignments. The course would improve if the class sessions
were more engaging and less repetitive. Prospective students should expect to do lots of writing in this
course that is good for furthering one's understanding of the French language.
AS.210.302.03
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Flora Champy
Overall quality of the class: x.x
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the class discussions and the professor who gave excellent
feedback to students. The students felt that the course really helped them improve on their French
writing and speaking skills. The worst aspect of the course was the heavy coursework. The students felt
that more oral exams and more class discussions would improve the course. Prospective students
should expect a fairly easy class with a fair amount of work.
AS.210.302.04
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Ana Delia Rogobete
Overall quality of the class: x.x
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the open class discussions, different types of class activities, and
fun atmosphere in which students practiced their French. The worst aspects of the course included the
weekly writing assignments and homework. The students hardly received timely feedback on their
commentaries and felt like some of the French readings were hard to comprehend. The course would
improve if the homework assignments were fewer and if the students received speedier feedback.
Prospective students should be fairly comfortable with French and be prepared to do lots of weekly
writing.
AS.210.302.05
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
David Hayden
Overall quality of the class: x.x
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the speaking and writing practice assignments. The worst aspect
of the course was the professor who showed a lack of interest in the course and didn't engage all
students. The class presentations were unclear and the class sessions were often repetitive. The course
would improve if there were more stimulating class sessions and discussions, as well as more creative
assignments. Prospective students should know that the course involves weekly writing assignments and
is a good course to take.
AS.210.311.01; 03
151
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Advanced Spanish I
Sara Urruticoechea Romero
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the oral presentations, the instructor's enthusiasm for the
material, and the interactive learning experience. One student felt that the material was at times,
repetitive. Another student felt the exams were too long and extensive. Suggestions for improving the
course included making the slides in class available to the students and incorporating more reading and
listening sections. Prospective students should know this course requires a daily amount of work.
AS.210.311.02; 04
Advanced Spanish I
Naiara Martinez-Velez
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures, small class size, and varied selections of
required readings. One student felt that the grammar portions were reviewed too fast. Another student
felt that the textbook was inappropriate for the course. Suggestions included incorporating audio
lessons and allowing more time to go over various Spanish grammatical rules. Prospective students
should know that there is a lot of work involved in this course and if they have a good grasp of the
Spanish language, this class shouldn't be too difficult.
AS.210.312.01; 03
Advanced Spanish II
Paula Gefaell-borras
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size, interactive lessons, and instructor's
enthusiasm. One student felt the exam questions were often ambiguous and difficult to decipher.
Another student felt that what was covered in class was often repeated. Suggestions included utilizing
reading sources outside of the textbook and eliminating the use of VoiceThread. Prospective students
should make sure they're keeping up with the material in class.
AS.210.312.02; 04
Advanced Spanish II
Aranzazu Hubbard
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class time devoted to oral practice, the instructor's
willingness to help the students, and the highly interactive class sessions. Some students felt the in-class
152
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
exercises and lectures were repetitive. One suggestion was to either shorten the length of the exams
administered or to allow students more time to finish them. Another suggestion was to provide students
with regular feedback on at least their written assignments. Prospective students should know that in
order to get the most from this class, it is crucial that they participate and keep up with the assigned
coursework.
AS.210.313.01
Medical Spanish
Naiara Martinez-Velez
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the feedback the instructor gave students on their presentations
and papers throughout the semester. The students also felt like the mock medical situations in class
were applicable to their academic focus on a broader scale. Students felt that having to wait until their
peers finished work on VoiceThread and Debate en la Red was highly inconvenient with regards to time
management. One suggestion included reducing the amount of homework assigned weekly. Another
suggestion included somehow incorporating more instruction time. Prospective students should know
this course requires daily homework and discussions on medicine and healthcare.
AS.210.315.01
Spanish for International Relations
Maria Ramos
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-depth class discussions and the instructor's enthusiasm
for the material. One student felt that the online assignments were not relevant to what was being
learned and discussed in class. Another student felt that he/she was less capable of improvement
because the instructor didn't return graded assignments back in a timely manner. Suggestions included
incorporating more grammatical practices and returning student feedback sooner than it was.
Prospective students who take this course should already have a high level of Spanish proficiency and
should be prepared for a reading and writing-intensive course.
AS.210.316.01
Conversational Spanish
Sergio Ruiz-Perez
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the manageable homework assignments, the instructor's
willingness to help, and the overall organization of the class. Students felt that the required movies were
too depressing and violent to watch. Other students felt like they were being "held back" by peers who
could not speak conversational Spanish. Suggestions included varying the structure of the course
throughout the semester and incorporating more conversational topics that are applicable to current
153
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
events. Prospective students should feel comfortable speaking Spanish in public before going into this
course.
AS.210.317.01
Adv Spanish Composition
Sara Urruticoechea Romero
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.352.01
Advanced Italian II
Teodoro Katinis
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the consistent speaking opportunities, the instructor's
enthusiasm for the course material, and the cumulative coverage of vocab, history, literature, culture,
and grammar. One student felt that grammar was not taught enough. Another student felt the unit
themes were strange and applied very little, if at all, to important facets of the Italian language.
Suggestions included incorporating more of an emphasis on grammar and assigning less "busy work" as
homework. Prospective students should know that participation is crucial in order to receive a passing
grade in this course.
AS.210.362.01
Advanced German II: Contemporary Issues in the German Speaking World
Marcus Heim
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting topics and the instructor's enthusiasm for the
content. One student felt that grammar could have been addressed more throughout the semester.
Another student felt that there was an overwhelming amount of work staggered throughout the week.
Suggestions included more rigid structure in class and the incorporation of more grammar lessons.
Prospective students should know this is a speaking and writing-intensive course.
AS.210.363.01
Business German
Heidi Wheeler
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.405.01
154
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Teaching French in Public School-Community Based Learning
Claude Guillemard
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
There were 5 or fewer responses for this course.
AS.210.411.01
Translation for the Professions
Maria Ramos
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the instructor's willingness to meet with and help students on an
individual basis. The amount of in-class translation corresponded well to what was addressed on the
exams and the class presentations were intriguing because students got to learn about what their peers
were interested in. Students felt that VHL and Blackboard exercises were far too frequent. Other
students felt that the instructor often assigned work that wasn't covered on the exams. Suggestions
included breaking the class into identifiable units and assigning less busy work. Prospective students
should be prepared to read, write, and study a lot for this course.
AS.210.417.01
Eloquent French
Kristin Cook-Gailloud
Overall quality of the course: x.xx
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the corrections to the essays and the helpful in-class
discussions. The day-to-day vocabulary and the emphasis on writing was also very helpful to have. Some
students felt that the class was often disorganized. One suggestion included incorporating opportunities
for more in-class discussion between students. Another suggestion included spreading out the work
throughout the semester. Prospective students should know this course is reading and writing-intensive
but invaluable in regards to improving one's advanced French writing skills.
AS.211.253.01
Freshman Seminar: Why is the Fiddler on the Roof ?:The Shtetl in Modern J
Beatrice Caplan
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.211.380.01
Modern Latin American Culture
Maria Ruhlmann
155
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the wide range of topics that were discussed about Latin
America, as well as the helpful professor. The worst aspects of the course were the teaching style and
the overall structure. There was little organization throughout, hefty readings, and unclear assignment
expectations and deadlines. The course would improve if the topics learned in class were fewer and
more focused. It would also help if the professor had a better structured syllabus and was able to stick
with it throughout. Prospective students should be able to speak Spanish proficiently and must
endeavor to keep up with the readings.
AS.211.385.01
Documentary Production Practicum: Community Based Learning: Raqs Me
Bernadette Wegenstein
Overall quality of this course: 3.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.211.394.01
Brazilian Cult & Civ
Mary Bensabat Ott
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging cultural activities and assignments available for
students to learn about Brazil. Students got to do things like the Capoeira dance and found the professor
very passionate and enthusiastic about the whole of Brazil. The worst aspects of the course included the
lack of guidance on assigned papers, as well as the long and often repetitive class lectures. The course
would improve if students had clear grading rubrics and guidelines. It would also help if the lectures
were shorter with more class discussions and activities to make it engaging. Prospective students should
know that this course is a great way to learn about Brazilian culture and they should be sure to keep up
with the homework and writing assignments.
AS.211.402.01; 03
La France Contemporaine II
Auriane Bel
Overall quality of this course: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the fun class atmosphere and the extremely engaging and
experienced professor. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of feedback on presentations
and assignments, as well as the hefty workload. There were papers, readings assignments and
presentations always due which became overwhelming for some students. The course would improve if
the students had more feedback on their oral presentations and a more structured syllabus. Prospective
students should know that the class is fun and not too writing intensive.
156
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
AS.211.402.02
La France Contemporaine II
April Wuensch
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the small relaxed class atmosphere, class discussions, and
interesting course material. The professor was knowledgeable and very passionate about the subject.
The worst aspects of the course were the professor's unclear assignment guidelines and lack of feedback
on assignments. The course would improve if there were clearer assignment guidelines, more class
group discussions and prompt feedback on assignments. Prospective students should expect to do a few
presentations, papers, and exams in this class that informs on current political affairs in France.
AS.211.430.01
L'Affaire Dreyfus
Kristin Cook-Gailloud
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.211.471.01
Jules Verne
Wilda Anderson
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.212.329.01
Contemporary Society on Stage: Kolts, Lagarce, Mouawad
Flora Champy
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.212.334.01
Introduction  la littrature franaise II
Derek Schilling
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging readings, and enthusiastic professor who was very
passionate about the subject material. The worst aspects of the course included the onslaught of
157
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
assigned readings, as well as the fast pace in which the class went at times. Students felt that the
readings and discussions were rushed. The course would improve if there was more time spent with
each of the readings and if there were more class discussions. Prospective students should be prepared
to come to class weekly having read all the assigned works in anticipation of good discussion.
AS.212.334.02
Introduction  la littrature franaise II
Elena Russo
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the wide range of literature and texts. The students thought the
material was great and that the professor showed lots of enthusiasm for the course. The worst aspects
of the course included the lack of feedback or guidance on the readings and assignments as well as the
incessant journal assignments which students found somewhat overwhelming. The course would
improve if students were better guided on how to grapple with French literature and if they were also
given a fair amount of assignments on a weekly basis. Prospective students should be prepared to do
lots of weekly writing and must be sure they have a strong background in French before they take this
course.
AS.212.343.01
Literature and Science in France 1750-1880
Hanna Roman
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.212.400.01
Flaubert's L'ducation sentimentale, a Prose Novel for Modern Time
Michael Fried, Jacky Neefs
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.212.430.01
Senior Seminar
Jacky Neefs
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the helpful professor and teaching assistant, who both provided
helpful feedback and guidance to the students. The worst aspects of the course included the hefty
workload and the somewhat excessive and time consuming group meetings. The course would improve
if there were more writing workshops and seminars as opposed to the group meetings. Prospective
158
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
students should be prepared to dedicate lots of time to writing their French thesis in order to have a
presentable final product.
AS.213.237.01
Literature and Medicine
Elisabeth Strowick
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging class discussions and extremely interesting reading
material. Students appreciated the feedback they got on assignments and loved the freedom they had in
doing those assignments. The worst aspects of the course were the lengthy and dense reading
assignments as well as the occasionally dull class discussions. The course would improve if the readings
were shortened and if the class size could be reduced to facilitate better discussions. Prospective
students should be aware that this course is reading intensive and that they should always prepare their
essay topics ahead of time so that they could get assistance beforehand.
AS.213.332.01
Zionism in Modern Literature: Jewish or Israeli?
Marc Caplan
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.213.356.01
Goethe
Andrea Krauss
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.213.368.01
German Political Thought
Rochelle Tobias
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the open class discussions and the stimulating readings. The text
selected were both challenging and engaging. The worst aspects of the course were the vague essay
assignments, as well as the occasionally dull and un-engaging class discussions. The course would
improve if there was less assigned reading and if there were better led class discussions. Prospective
students should expect a challenging but rewarding course with lots of philosophy to be discussed.
AS.214.301.01
159
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
Survey of Italian Literature
Walter Stephens, Tania Zampini
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.214.317.01
Italian Theater from Commedia dell'arte to Dario Fo
James Coleman
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.215.231.01
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Cathleen Carris
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interactive class discussions and the learning environment in
which students were able to get a better grasp of Spanish and Latin American literature. Students felt
that the readings and assignments were well laid out and covered a lot of topics that helped challenge
their understanding of the course subject. The worst aspect of the course was the heavy workload. The
course would improve if there were fewer assignments and more opportunities to discuss the literature.
Prospective students should be prepared to spend lots of time writing and engaging themselves in the
readings and class discussions.
AS.215.231.02
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Amy Sheeran
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.215.311.01
Radicalism, Film & Literature in Modern Latin America-Community Based Lea
Michael Strayer
Overall quality of the class: 4.74
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the passionate and amazing professor, as well as the interesting
reading and writing assignments. The students really enjoyed the class as it involved a nice mixture of
films, trips, and projects. The worst aspects of the course were the hard to follow topics and readings
160
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
which were at times hefty for the students. The course would improve if the readings and assignments
were fewer and more connected. Prospective students should expect to do some farming in this class.
AS.215.327.01
Modern Political Thought in Latin America
Sara Castro-Klaren
Overall quality of the class: 3.46
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the class presentations and interesting readings. The worst aspects
of the course included the lack of structure and clarity in the class regarding assignments. The professor
hardly followed the syllabus and was unclear about topics and assignment requirements. The course
would improve if the lectures and syllabus were clearer. Prospective students should expect an
interesting and reading intensive class.
AS.215.336.01
Don Quijote
Harry Sieber
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the knowledgeable professor, engaging lectures, and light
workload. The worst aspects of the course were the heavy readings and professor led discussions. The
students rarely participated in class and the professor dominated most of the conversations. The course
would improve if there were more class discussions. Prospective students should expect to do two
papers and lots of reading.
AS.215.402.01
Senior Seminar: Literaturas y culturas del Cono Sur : Argentina, Uruguay y C
Eduardo Gonzalez
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the small and relaxed class setting in which students got to discuss
topics, watch movies, and hold a dialogue with the professor. The course materials were all interesting
and the class had a good mix of literature and movies to keep things exciting. The worst aspect of the
course was the hefty readings. The course would improve if it were more organized and if there were
more assigned papers instead of multiple choice quizzes. Prospective students should be prepared for
an open class with lots of Spanish reading assignments.
AS.215.777.01
The Invention of Fiction
William Egginton
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
161
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
162
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
HISTORY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.100.104.01-08
Occ Civ: Modern Europe
Kenneth Moss
Overall quality of the course: 3.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the well-structured and informative lectures; the clear,
organized syllabus, the section meetings provided by the instructor and the comprehensive overview of
European history provided. Some students felt that the exams covered an unnecessarily large amount of
content at once. Students also stated that the lectures could sometimes be dry, overly theoretical, and
ideological. Suggestions included posting PowerPoint slides and lecture outlines on Blackboard and
providing students with clear guidelines on what to study for the exams. Prospective students should
know that there is a significant amount of reading assigned each week and that participation in class is
vital.
AS.100.110.01-05
Making America: Politics and Society since the Great Depression
Angus Burgin
Overall quality of the course: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the clearly-defined interrelation of themes across the 20th
century and the many topics discussed which are still relevant today. Students also appreciated the
instructor's motivated style of lecturing. Some students felt the amount of assigned reading was too
great and that the pace of the class was, at times, too rapid. Suggestions included more lenience in
regards to grading essays and subsequent elimination of some of the readings. Prospective students
should know that this course is both reading and writing-intensive.
AS.100.128.01-02
Ancient and Medieval Jewish History
Marina Rustow
163
HISTORY
Overall quality of the course: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the compelling lectures, section meetings, and group
discussions. The students also appreciated the instructors' enthusiasm for the subject. Some students
felt that the class was considerably less organized the second half of the semester and that it should
have been labeled as a writing-intensive course. Suggestions included providing supplemental material
to the lectures and structuring the second half of the semester so that it's better organized. Prospective
students do not necessarily need to have background knowledge of Jewish history, but it is helpful.
AS.100.136.01
Abraham Lincoln and His America
Michael Johnson
Overall quality of the course: 4.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting literature and the feedback provided by the
instructor. Also, students greatly appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm for the subject. Some students
felt that the length of the reading assignments was overwhelming. Suggestions included reducing the
amount of required reading and splitting the course into two sessions per week as opposed to one large
session per week. Prospective students should know that the class is writing-intensive and that it
consists of a heavy workload.
AS.100.194.01
Undergrad Sem in History
Mary Ryan
Overall quality of the course: 3.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included gaining knowledge on effective thesis writing, performing data
analysis, and producing a well-rounded research-based paper. Also, the students appreciated the
instructor's enthusiasm for the subject. Some students felt that the instructor's expectations were
unclear regarding the thesis papers and deadlines were, at times, posted unpredictably. Suggestions
included devoting the entire year to the various stages of thesis writing and requiring more one-on-one
conferences with the instructor/TA. Prospective students should know that this course is research-
focused and writing-intensive.
AS.100.194.02
Undergrad Sem in History
Todd Shepard
Overall quality of the course: 3.44
Summary:
164
HISTORY
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to conduct independent research and the
conduciveness of the course to the development of thesis-writing skills. Some students felt the feedback
from the instructor was at times, discouraging, and that the instructor was also pedantic in his
lectures/explanations. One suggestion was to provide students with more time between the draft and
the final paper. Another suggestion was to provide structured meeting periods to avoid redundancy in
class discussions/lectures. Prospective students should know that starting their research as early as
possible is highly recommended, as is scheduling regular meetings with the instructor.
AS.100.262.01
History, Politics and Identity in Russia from Stalin to Putin
Nikolay Koposov
Overall quality of the course: 3.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor assigning papers as opposed to administering
tests, and the interesting texts. Students appreciated the enthusiasm the instructor displayed for the
subject. Some students felt there was a lack in guidance in the course and that the lectures were dull
and difficult to understand. Suggestions included providing more homework than just two assessments.
Prospective students should know that course grades rely completely on two research papers.
AS.100.310.01
The French Revolution
Laura Mason
Overall quality of the course: 4.52
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the readings from the document collection, the engaging class
discussions, and the instructor's detailed, motivating, and organized lectures. Some students felt that
the materials covered in class were irrelevant to the content on exams and that the required reading
assignments are excessive. One suggestion was to provide a timeline of major events. Another
suggestion was to make the essay questions less specific. Prospective students should know that the
course is historical and analytical, with plenty of supporting text.
AS.100.312.01
Emancipations
Adam Ewing
Overall quality of the course: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the diverse readings and the instructor's enthusiasm for the
subject. Some students felt that the amount of reading was overwhelming. Several students felt that the
in-class discussions veered off topic too often. Suggestions included more focused questions to generate
discussion and less assigned reading. Prospective students should know that this is a reading-intensive
course but the class discussions are both engaging and thought-provoking.
165
HISTORY
AS.100.314.01
The Enlightenment
Michael Kwass
Overall quality of the course: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.317.01
Jewish Music
Joshua Walden
Overall quality of the course: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.319.01
The Tudors: Reforming England 1485-1603
Jessica Walker
Overall quality of the course: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the well-chosen material and engaging lectures. Also, students
appreciated that the instructor was approachable and enthusiastic. Some students felt that the required
reading was excessive and that, at times, the in-class discussions were unproductive. Suggestions
included making the reading due on one day of the week as opposed to two and to provide possible
essay questions ahead of time in order to produce responses of higher quality. Prospective students
should know that the class is reading-intensive.
AS.100.320.01
Writing U.S. Empire
Nathan Connolly
Overall quality of the course: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.326.01
Extreme America: Political Extremism, 1787-1920
Ronald Walters
Overall quality of the work: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the seminar discussion format and the incorporation of lesser-
known texts from the time period. Also, the instructor was knowledgeable, enthusiastic, and
approachable. Some students felt that the required readings were, at times, obscure and that class was
166
HISTORY
sometimes "disjointed" during lecture because their fellow students were not paying attention.
Suggestions included focusing on specific ideas/themes instead of "opening up" the discussion without
guidelines; also, providing the students with a comprehensive resource that would tie in all of the course
context. Prospective students are encouraged to take advantage of the supplemental material supplied
on Blackboard and be prepared for a fair amount of required reading.
AS.100.339.01
Tolstoy/Chagall/Pasternak: Russia's Age of Genius
Jeffrey Brooks
Overall quality of the work: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the diverse readings and the in-class discussions. Students also
appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm for the subject. Some students felt that the required reading
was excessive and that managing the workload became very difficult. Suggestions included providing the
students the option to pick what to write about for their essays and lessening the amount of reading
required. Prospective students should know that this course is reading-intensive and that they should be
prepared to commit a good deal of time to work outside of class.
AS.100.348.01
20th-Century China
William Rowe
Overall quality of the course: 4.34
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engrossing lectures and the diverse choice in reading
material. Some students felt that the readings didn't properly match up with the lecture content and
that the 20-page paper was excessive. One suggestion was for the instructor to lead a pre-exam review
session. Another suggestion was to clarify the expectations for the 20-page paper. Prospective students
should know that the course is both reading and writing-intensive.
AS.100.365.01
Culture & Society in the High Middle Ages
Gabrielle Spiegel
Overall quality of the course: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the comprehensive, engaging lectures and the wide range of
topics covered. Students also appreciated the instructor's dynamic, thought-provoking teaching style.
Some students felt that the required reading was excessive. Suggestions included stressing key points
during lectures as opposed to speaking with a running narrative and shortening the reading
assignments. Prospective students should know that the class is reading-intensive and that the content
is explicitly covered in the exams.
AS.100.406.01
167
HISTORY
American Business in the Age of the Modern Corporation
Louis Galambos
Overall quality of the course: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor being very accommodating and how he worked
to make the class as enjoyable as possible. One student felt that there was too much emphasis on
economics and finance. Another student felt that the in-class discussions often veered off topic.
Suggestions included focusing more on history and having guest lecturers speak more often. Prospective
students should know that the professor looks at essay drafts so take advantage; also, the course is both
reading and writing-intensive, but well worth it.
AS.100.412.01
Jewish History in British Mandatory Palestine 1917-1947
Kenneth Moss
Overall quality of the course: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class discussions and that the instructor encouraged a great
variety of opinions and insight. Some students felt that the grading was tough and that the required
reading was, at times, overwhelming. One suggestion was to lessen the readings while allocating more
class time to group discussion. Another suggestion was to divide the class into two segments per week.
Prospective students should know that this class is reading-intensive.
AS.100.424.01
Women & Modern Chinese History
Tobie Meyer-Fong
Overall quality of the course: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor providing students with individualized feedback
and that the class format was seminar-based. One student felt that the workload was excessive. Another
student found it challenging to come up with a discussion question for each class. Suggestions included
clarifying the grading standards for exams/assignments and inviting a scholar to guest lecture on the
subject. Prospective students should know that it's pertinent to keep up with the readings and to choose
their final essay topic sooner rather than later in the semester.
AS.100.426.01
Popular Culture in Early Modern Europe
John Marshall
Overall quality of the course: 4.82
Summary:
168
HISTORY
The best aspects of this course included the fascinating material discussed and the seminar-style format.
Students also appreciated the instructor's encouragement, sense of humor, and enthusiasm on the
subject. Some of the students felt that the readings were pedantic and abstract, and that because 60%
of their final grade relied on one essay, they should have been given feedback earlier/as soon as
possible. Suggestions included providing students with more indication of his/her progress, lightening
the reading load, and utilizing more visual aids during the lecture. Prospective students should be
prepared to commit a lot of time to reading and to participate as a large percentage of one's final grade
depends on it.
AS.100.440.01
The Revolutionary Experience in Latin America
Franklin Knight
Overall quality of the course: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting, relevant reading selections and the instructor's
informative lectures. Some of the students felt that the instructor didn't clarify his expectations for
assignments throughout the semester. Also, students felt that, at times, the lecture was difficult to
follow. Suggestions included more clarity/structure with assignments and allocating more time for class
discussion. Prospective students are encouraged to participate in class as much as possible and to be
prepared for several reading assignments each week.
AS.100.498.01
Hist-Family & Gender-Us
Toby Ditz
Overall quality of the course: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the diverse material and the thought-provoking manner in
which the instructor facilitated group discussions. Students also appreciated that the instructor was
supportive and available to help through email/meetings. Some students felt that the amount of reading
required was excessive and that the class lacked contributions from all of the pupils. Suggestions
included more classes structured to go along with the reading questions and utilizing the black/white
board to highlight main points. Prospective students should know that this is a reading-intensive course
and that participation is essential.
169
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
HISTORY OF ART DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.010.102.03-04
Intro: Hist Euro Art II
Mitchell Merback
Overall quality of the course: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the consistently interesting, thought-provoking material and the
engaging lectures. Students also appreciated the fact that the sections covered different material than
the lectures. Some students felt that that course always lagged behind. Suggestions included faster-
paced, discussion-based lectures and fewer required readings. Prospective students should be prepared
to memorize a lot of information and keep up with the readings as they are pertinent to the exams.
AS.010.251.01
Medieval Spaces: Site, Image, and Viewer in the Middle
Christopher Lakey
Overall quality of the course: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the instructor's engaging lectures and his willingness to help.
Some students felt that the assignments required prior knowledge of the subject when they had none.
One student felt that the material was better suited for a 300 level course. Suggestions included
providing more concrete information regarding expectations for papers and allowing time for in-class
discussions. Prospective students should know that this course is reading-intensive and though previous
art history classes are not required, they are helpful.
AS.010.256.01
Nineteenth-Century European Art
Jeremy Melius
Overall quality of the course: 3.90
170
HISTORY OF ART
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the content covered in class and the lectures that corresponded
appropriately with the text. The students also appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm on the subject.
Some students felt that more group discussions would have been beneficial and that the lectures could
have been more diverse. Suggestions included clarifying expectations on what essays/papers should
cover and allowing more group discussions during class. Prospective students should know that the
workload is heavy and memorization-reliant.
AS.010.263.01
Paris /New York After the War
Jennifer Watson
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the material that was covered and the instructor's enthusiasm
for the subject. Some students felt the required readings were too heavy. One suggestion was to
diversify the syllabus. Another suggestion was to explore a chronological and thematic trajectory
throughout the semester. Prospective students are encouraged to keep up with the readings in order to
effectively participate in class.
AS.010.309.01
Gifts and Thefts in the Middle Ages
Rachel Danford
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material and the debate-style class sessions.
Students also appreciated the instructor's devotion to fact-checking her own lecture content. Some
students felt that the reading was too dense. Suggestions included utilizing slides with more information
during lectures and setting aside time in class to discuss confusing aspects in the reading. Prospective
students should know this is a reading-intensive class that makes regular use of annotated
bibliographies.
AS.010.327.01
The Harem and the Veil: Space and Gender in the Islamic World
Rebecca Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussion-based format and the consistent teacher/student
interaction. Students also appreciated the instructor's pleasant attitude. Some of the students felt that
the material was not focused enough on art and that, at times, the instructor wasn't conscientious when
colleagues made inappropriate comments. Suggestions included spreading out the assignments and
possibly altering the meeting schedule to twice a week, instead of once. Prospective students should
know that the course is reading-intensive.
171
HISTORY OF ART
AS.010.333.01
The Making of Renaissance Rome 1300-1600
Stephen Campbell
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing subject material and the way in which the
instructor engaged and encouraged his students. Some of the students felt the lectures were a bit
disorganized and that the material was delivered too fast. One suggestion included the instructor
posting slides applicable to the tests and lectures online. Another suggestion included the instructor
being more explicit on the material the students needed to know in order to succeed in the course.
Prospective students should know that thorough note-taking is imperative in this class and that the
assignments are reading-intensive.
AS.010.366.01
Native American Art
Lisa Deleonardis
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the field trip opportunities and the instructor's engaging
lectures. Students felt that the instructor was very approachable. One student felt that the material
chronologically jumped around too much. Suggestions included smaller assignments in preparation for
the projects and more field trips. Prospective students should know that it is important to do the
readings, attend lecture, and to make every effort to go on field trips.
AS.010.398.01
Tombs for the Living
Lisa Deleonardis
Overall quality of the course: 4.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the field trip opportunities and the participation that was
actively encouraged by the professor. One student felt the lectures and lecture slides were too
dependent on visual images. Another student found it annoying that because of the instructors' relaxed
lecturing style, colleagues in the back of the room would talk during class. Suggestions included handing
out the vocabulary sheets on a more consistent basis and incorporating more guest lecturers.
Prospective students should know that it's imperative to attend every class and to take detailed notes.
AS.010.424.01
Collecting Roman Art: From Antiquity to Present
Pier Luigi Tucci
Overall quality of the course: 4.43
172
HISTORY OF ART
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the freedom students were granted to ask questions and the
instructor's thought-provoking lecturing style. Also, students appreciated the instructor's
approachability. One student felt the study guidelines were unclear. Suggestions included providing
more study guidelines for tests and going on more field trips. Prospective students should know that the
majority of the material will come from the lectures, not the required reading.
AS.010.468.01
Sculpture after Sculpture
James Meyer
Overall quality of the course: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
173
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.140.106.01-05
History of Modern Medicine
Jeremy Greene
Overall quality of the course: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging, informative lectures, the detailed feedback with
which the work was returned, and the well-facilitated, motivating discussion format. Some of the
students felt that the reading/workload was too heavy. One suggestion was to lessen the reading to
allow for more focused section discussions. Another suggestion was to provide a grading rubric.
Prospective students should be prepared to write and analyze several primary sources.
AS.140.302.01-03
Rise of Modern Science
Sharon Kingsland
Overall quality of the course: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lecture summaries on Blackboard that corresponded with
each week's content, the intellectual challenges it provided, and the genuine interest the instructor
displayed in regards to the material. Some of the students felt the grading was harsh and that the
reading material was out-of-date. One suggestion was to add guest lecturers throughout the semester.
Another suggestion was to create a more apparent correlation between the essay assignments and the
required reading. Prospective students should pay attention to quiz questions in class and be prepared
for a large amount of reading.
AS.140.352.01
Who wants to be a Billionaire? High Tech & the American University
Susan Morris
Overall quality of the course: 3.56
174
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor/student personal interaction and the interesting
subject matter. Some students felt that the lectures were not engaging and that the guidelines for the
final project were too vague. One suggestion was for the instructor to utilize visual material. Another
suggestion was to provide a list of topics previously discussed before the midterm exam. Prospective
students should take meticulous notes and begin researching their projects early.
AS.140.362.01
The Communications Revolution
Susan Morris
Overall quality of the course: 3.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material and the limited amount of tests
administered. Some students felt that the lectures were difficult to attend. One suggestion was for the
instructor to provide notes/outlines for each lecture. Another suggestion was to incorporate more group
discussions and to lecture less from notes. Prospective students should be prepared to take notes and
do all of the readings.
AS.140.368.01
Technological Transformations
Maria Portuondo
Overall quality of the course: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the conversational style with which the instructor lectured and
the different technologies that the instructor covered. Some students felt the lectures were dry. Other
students felt the group discussions did not enhance their learning of the content. Suggestions included
omitting the class discussions and incorporating more detailed reviews of material before exams.
Prospective students should be sure to take detailed notes and prepare for extensive reading
assignments.
175
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
HUMANITIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.300.301.01
Life, Vitality, Thought. Philosophy and the Natural Sciences in Nineteenth Ce
Larry McGrath
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the small class setup, as well as the engaging class discussions.
The professor was knowledgeable about the subject and provided students with an array of readings to
help them understand the subject better. The worst aspects of the course included the dense and
somewhat difficult readings. The course would improve if the lessons learned in class were better tied
into today's society. Prospective students should be prepared to do lots of reading in this fairly
interesting class.
AS.300.318.01
Modernist Novel: Mann, Woolf, and Joyce
Yi-Ping Ong
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging professor and discussions. The course material was
challenging and it made for good discussions in the class. The worst aspects of the course included the
lengthy and dense assigned readings. The course would improve if there were less readings or better
questions to help guide the students through the readings. Prospective students should expect lots of
reading in this worthwhile course.
AS.300.352.01
Fictions of Autobiography
Richard Macksey
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
176
HUMANITIES
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the class sessions at the professor's house in a personal and
relaxed setting. The professor was very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the subject and was also
very interesting to listen to. The worst aspects of the course included the occasional lack of structure
and the lengthy class periods in which the professor would frequently go over class time. The course
would improve if there were more in-class discussions. Prospective students should expect a fun
experience and a very light workload in this course.
177
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.650.424.01
Network Security
Amitabh Mishra
Overall quality of the class: 3.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.650.458.01
Introduction to Cryptography
Xiangyang Li
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the practical lessons on cryptography. Students felt like they learned a
lot and were not overwhelmed by the programming. The worst aspect of the course was the lectures
given by the professor, who although being knowledgeable in the subject, had difficulty in explaining
concepts to students. The course would improve if there were more practice assignments and simplified
lessons on the concepts. Prospective students should have some basic programming skills and be
familiar with a substantial amount of math concepts.
EN.650.471.01
Cryptography & Coding
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.650.652.01
Healthcare Security Management
Darren Lacey
178
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the humorous professor who made the lectures and class sessions
interesting. The subject of security and healthcare was also very interesting for the students. The worst
aspects of the course included the lack of guidance on the assigned projects, as well as the disorganized
class structure. The course would improve if there was more structure with the syllabus and clearer
instructions for the exams and projects. Prospective students should be sure that they do all the
readings in order to do well on the exams and projects that are heavily weighted in this course.
EN.650.655.01
Implementing Effective Information Security Projects
Michael Kociemba
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the real-life examples given in class and the well-structured
lessons that covered much about Information Security. The worst aspects of the course included the dull
and ancient material taught, as well as the lack of practical assignments to reinforce what was being
taught in class. Students felt that the course didn't add much to what they already learned from other
Information Security courses. The course would improve if the class was more engaging with more
participation and assignments. Prospective students should have some basic knowledge of networking
and security in this course that involves lots of reading and writing.
EN.650.657.01
Advanced Computer Forensics
Kevin Fairbanks
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.650.668.01
Advanced Topics in Software Security
Stephen Checkoway
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the exciting research papers students got to explore, the class
discussions, and presentations. The worst aspect of the course was some of the research topics that
were chosen. Students also noted that there was no practicality to any of the lessons and they didn't get
to apply what they learned in class. The course would improve if there was some kind of project to get
students working and applying what they were learning in the course. Prospective students should have
a good understanding of basic security technologies and know that they will be reading and analyzing
lots of research papers.
179
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.361.124.01
Latin American Film: Mini-Course
Emma Cervone
Overall quality of the class: 3.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting film selections students got to watch, as well as the
course length, which was only four weeks total. Students enjoyed the class discussions and overall
immersion in Latin American culture. The worst aspects of the course included the hefty essay
assignments with misguided prompts and lack of feedback. The course would improve if there were
fewer essay assignments, better facilitated class discussions, and better feedback on the assignments.
Prospective students should know that this is a one-credit course that meets for only four weeks, and
that they will write a few papers within that time span.
AS.361.170.01
NI DE AQUI NI DE ALLA: INTRODUCTION TO LATINO STUDIES
Richard Gioioso
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the passionate and personable professor who was able to garner
interest in the class through personal stories and great discussions. Students were exposed to a wide
range of issues in the Latino community and were able to correlate them with today's current events.
The worst aspects of the course included the weekly readings that were never discussed, the redundant
discussion topics, and the lack of time management when it came to following the syllabus. The course
would improve if the syllabus were to be restructured for more flexibility or to be specific to what
students were actually doing in the course. Prospective students should know that the course subject is
filled with lots of interesting things to learn about the Latino culture and the work in this class is not
burdensome.
AS.361.234.01
180
LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES
The Changing Face of Baltimore: Education, Health, and Other Issues among
Santiago Solis
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the course itself as it offered practical and hands on experience. The
students got to work with non-profit organizations, listen to speakers making an impact in Baltimore,
and also make a difference in the community through volunteer work. The worst aspect of the course
included the redundant class discussions and reading topics. The course would improve if the
discussions were better structured and facilitated in order to make them more interesting and less
repetitive. Prospective students should know that this course requires time commitment outside of
class, but is a worthwhile course to take.
AS.361.316.01
Caribbean Writing in Shakespeare, V. S. Naipaul, and Alejo Carpentier
Eduardo Gonzalez
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the unique reading selections available and the professor's
interesting teaching style. The worst aspect of the course was the unfocused class lectures. Students
said their work was often not returned in a timely manner and there were no breaks in a class that was
almost three hours long. The course would improve if the weekly papers were returned to students
more often and if there was more direction on the overall course to help students understand the
readings. Prospective students should be prepared to do lots of weekly essay writing and should attend
class regularly in order to keep up.
181
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poorf
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.510.103.01
Foundations of Nanotechnology
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the broad overview of topics that were covered, as well as the
fun and interesting activities. The worst aspect of the course was the difficulty in following some of the
lecture materials. Students would like to see more discussion facilitated between the instructor and the
students. Some students suggested getting more feedback on assignments. Perspective students should
know that the course involves a fair amount of work and that Professor Wilson is available to help out.
EN.510.107.01-02
Modern Alchemy
James Spicer
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was Professor Spicer, who was not only enthusiastic, but lead very
engaging lectures. Most students really enjoyed the topics that were covered throughout the semester.
Many students were not happy with the attendance/participation grading system, more importantly the
lottery system that was used to call on students. Students suggested revamping the method for
gathering attendance/participation grades. Perspective students should know that attendance is
mandatory and writing a few papers will be required. Overall, it's a great course that explores
interesting material.
EN.510.201.01
Introductory Materials Science for Engineers
En Ma
Overall quality of the class: 3.29
182
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the light workload and the interesting material. Students
appreciated the overall flow of the course. The worst aspect of the course was not being properly
prepared for exams and the lack of meaningful engagement between the students and the professor.
Some students mentioned that the homework and exams should correspond more. Perspective
students should know that a lot of different topics are covered, but if stayed on top of, the work is very
manageable.
EN.510.202.01
Computation and Programming for Materials Scientists and Engineers
Michael Falk
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included getting a sturdy knowledge of MATLAB, as well as the
assignments that allowed students to apply concepts learned in class. Many students found the projects
to be time consuming and difficult to complete. Also, students found that the pace of the course was
somewhat fast. Students suggested having smaller scale projects, with a lower level of difficulty. Also,
students would like more time to be spent on concepts necessary to complete assignments. Perspective
students should know that having some programming experience beforehand is a big help, but not
necessary.
EN.510.313.01
Mech Property-Materials
Robert Cammarata
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was Professor Cammarata's ability to engage with and explain material to
students. One of the worst aspects was not having enough review material. Also, some students found
some of the notes difficult to decipher. Students would have liked to have more review material and
feedback on assignments so that they could get a better review of concepts. Perspective students
should know that it is important to review material outside of class.
EN.510.314.01
Electron Prop-Material
Theodore Poehler
Overall quality of the class: 3.19
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interesting subject material. Students found it to be extremely
helpful that Professor Poehler provide them with such detailed notes. The worst aspect of the course
was the lack of feedback on problem sets. Students agreed that having more detailed feedback on
183
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
problem sets would be beneficial to their understanding of the material. Perspective students should
know that keeping good notes is important for studying the material.
EN.510.315.01
Physical Chem of Mat II
Timothy Mueller
Overall quality of the class: 4.81
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was that Dr. Mueller was able to put together such comprehensive lecture
presentations. The organization of the course enhanced the learning experience. Some students did not
understand the connection of the computational models. Students suggest having more methods of
review, such as practice problems or a textbook. Perspective students should know that Dr. Mueller was
a great professor to work with and that the grading is fair.
EN.510.400.01
Introduction to Ceramics
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small and interactive class settings, as well as the helpful
and effective professor. There was a wide range of topics covered in this class, and students learned
much through the field trips and assignments. The worst aspects of the course included the erroneous
textbook and the fast paced lectures that were meant to cover a lot of material. The course would
improve if there were simpler lectures slides and more review problems. Prospective students should
expect a fun course with lots of challenging homework assignments to help them understand the
material.
EN.510.407.01
Biomaterials II: Host response and biomaterials applications
Kalina Hristova
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the guest speakers and the diverse material that was covered.
The worst aspects of this course included the lack of feedback on papers and the overall lack of
structure in the class. Students felt like the exams were not comprehensive and that they did not
accurately depict what they were learning in class. The course would improve if students received
feedback on their work and if the lectures were better structured with more content to be taught. A
previous background in biomaterials is not necessarily needed, but prospective students should expect
to do lots of reading.
EN.510.422.01
Micro/Nano Structured Mats/Devices
184
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
En Ma
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the professor, the presentations, and the cutting edge topics
covered in a simple format. The course was lightweight, but students were still able to get a general
overview of the micro-nano world. The worst aspects of the course included the dull student
presentations and vague guidelines on assignments. The course would improve if the class was more
interactive and if the assignments were more engaging and thought provoking. Prospective students
should expect a nice laidback course with lots of interesting micro and nano-technology material to
learn.
EN.510.429.01
Materials Science Lab II
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 2.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful lab write-ups and the professor. The worst aspects
of the course included the defective lab equipment, unorganized labs, and unclear lab reports. The
students found the labs confusing and vague, which affected how they collected data and did some
experiments. The course would improve if the lab designs were better structured with better
equipment. Prospective students should endeavor to start their lab reports on time because it involves
lots of data analysis.
EN.510.430.01
Biomaterials Lab
Hai-Quan Mao
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.434.01
Design Rsch Material Sci
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the independent research assignments and applicable lessons
students learned. The worst aspects of the course included the hefty workload and time consuming
assignments. The students felt that some of the guest speakers were not very informative as. The course
would improve if the course schedule were better structured and designed for students. Prospective
students should be prepared to pace themselves and do lots of independent research to complete a
project for the class.
185
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
EN.510.603.01
Phase Transformations
Jonah Erlebacher
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the notes and the helpful professor. The worst aspect of the
course was the challenging homework assignments. Also, the students felt that the homework
expectations were not clearly presented to them from the start of the semester. The course would
improve if there were more organized lessons and more examples on the material. Prospective students
should anticipate lots of studying and practicing because the problem sets are somewhat challenging.
EN.510.604.01
Mech Props of Materials
Timothy Weihs
Overall quality of the class: 4.76
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the effective and considerate professor, as well as the array of
information covered in this course. The worst aspects of the course included the detail of the notes and
the time consuming assignments. Some of the material covered in the lectures was not always covered
in the notes and vice versa. The course would improve if there was an accompanying textbook for the
class and if the notes were more detailed with fewer errors. Prospective students should have a
background in material science and mechanical properties.
EN.510.606.01
Chem Bio Properties/Mat
Margarita Herrera-Alonso
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the homework assignments and class exercises which gave
students adequate practice of the problems before the exams. The professor taught the concepts well
and showed interest in helping students learn the material. The worst aspects of the course included the
professor's inability to teach some material comfortably and sympathize with students that didn't grasp
what she was teaching immediately. The course would improve if the professor showed a little more
enthusiasm in the class and if the discussions were not so focused on polymerization pathways.
Prospective students should have a strong background in organic chemistry to take this course.
EN.510.607.01
Biomaterials II
Kalina Hristova
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
186
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the wide range of material covered in the class, the guest
lecturers and the student presentation on current bio-material related research. The worst aspect of the
course was the lack of feedback on assignments. Students would have liked more detailed review on
their homework assignments instead of a single grade so that they would improve. The course would
improve if they had more feedback on their homework assignments and journal reviews. Prospective
students should have some background in biomaterials in order to take this course.
EN.510.608.01
Electrochemistry
Peter Searson
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the problem-based learning structure. The students worked together
in class to discuss and go over problems they all had difficulty with, making the course very applicable
and interactive. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy mathematical and theory-based
processes. The course would improve if there were more problems and examples to help students really
understand the material. Prospective students should expect to do a considerable amount of work and
must ensure they attend all classes to be successful in the course.
EN.510.612.01
Solid State Physics
Theodore Poehler
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.615.01
Physical Prop-Material
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the wide range of material that was covered in this class and the
thorough lecture slides and notes that were provided to help students understand the content. The
worst aspect of the course was the fast-paced lectures in which the professor regularly tried to cover so
much content at once. The course would improve if it were taught at a slower pace. It would also
improve if the course focused on fewer topics and more detailed PowerPoint slides. Prospective
students should expect to learn lots of relevant material in this fairly straightforward course.
187
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
MATHEMATICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.110.106.01-03
Calculus I
Nicholas Marshburn
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the amazing teaching assistants and the helpful professor who was
able to explain the concepts to students very well. The worst aspects of the course were the very
lengthy homework assignments and the feedback students received on them. The lectures were dull and
often unclear and many didn't find the teaching assistants very helpful. The course would improve if the
lectures were more engaging, if there were fewer homework assignments, and if homework was
reviewed. Prospective students should endeavor to attend all lectures and stay on top of the homework
assignments to be successful in the course.
AS.110.107.01-08
Calculus II (For Biological and Social Science)
Yi Li
Overall quality of the class: 3.15
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the helpful teaching assistants, clear lecture notes, and the
effective textbook. The worst aspects of the course were the hard to understand professor and the
challenging course material. The professor had a strong accent and many students had a difficult time
following along during lectures. The course would improve if the lectures were clearer and inclusive of
more examples to help students understand the content. Prospective students should be prepared to
spend lots of time studying the material and doing the homework assignments so they can do well on
the exams.
AS.110.109.01-05
Calculus II (For Physical Sciences and Engineering)
Maxim Arap
188
MATHEMATICS
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspect of the course included the passionate professor who was very good at presenting the
information in a clear and effective manner. The worst aspects of the course included the fast pace in
which the class went, and the heavy loads of homework. There was a lot of information covered in the
class and students found the material very difficult. The course would improve if the homework
assignments were as difficult as the exams so that students could have a chance to grapple with the
more difficult material beforehand. Prospective students should be sure to set apart lots of time to
study the material and ensure they do practice problems in this challenging Calculus course.
AS.110.201.01-05; 07-09
Linear Algebra
Carl McTague
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the enthusiastic professor, engaging lectures, and really
supportive class textbook. The worst aspects of the course included the ineffective teaching assistants,
the professor's low voice when speaking to the class, and the heavy workload that was not often
reviewed. Some of the lectures didn't touch much of the content and students felt that the professor
just regurgitated what was in the book a lot of times. The course would improve if the lectures were
more engaging and if students had more practice problems/sessions to help them understand the
concepts better. Prospective students should ensure they always do the homework assignments and
study so they do not fall behind in this relatively manageable math course.
AS.110.202.01-09
Calculus III
Oliver Gjoneski
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the clear and informative class lectures. The professor was very
effective in teaching the concepts and always assigned homework assignments equivalent to the type of
content they would come across on tests. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy
homework assignments and difficult exams. The course would improve if the concepts were taught at a
slower pace and if the more difficult problems were discussed and worked through in class, so that
students wouldn't be caught off-guard during exams. Prospective students should be prepared to
encounter some really challenging material and should endeavor to stay on top of the homework and
concepts.
AS.110.211.01
Honors Multivariable Calculus
Turgay Bayraktar, Richard Brown
189
MATHEMATICS
Overall quality of this course: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.110.212.01
Honors Linear Algebra
W Stephen Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the challenging subject material. The worst aspects of the course
included the heavy workload and the seemingly independent nature of the course as many students
found themselves learning the material on their own. The professor casually taught the concepts and
told students they should be more motivated to learn the content on their own. The course would
improve if the professor spent time going over the material in-depth. Prospective students should know
they will be graded on homework assignments and quizzes so they should ensure they spend lots of
time with the homework, which will in turn help them perform well on the quizzes.
AS.110.302.01-07
Diff Equations/Applic
Lu Wang
Overall quality of the class: 2.54
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the teaching assistants who were good at clarifying and
explaining the material to some extent. The worst aspect of the course was the dull lectures that were
difficult to understand because of the professors' accent. The textbook did not supplement the course
well, and students found the material very challenging. The course would improve if the professor was
clearer in delivering the content, if there was more review on the subjects, and a better supplemental
textbook. Prospective students should endeavor to do their homework assignments in order to get
practice with the problems, and should prepare to put in some extra time with this somewhat
challenging course.
AS.110.304.01
Elementary Number Theory
Jian Kong
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the interesting and fairly challenging material. The worst aspects of
the course were the dull lectures and the hard to follow professor. The lectures dwelt on lots of proofs
and the professor was often difficult to understand while he was teaching. The course would improve if
the professor would take his time to explain different types of problems and if there was a better
supporting textbook for the class. Prospective students should ensure they attend all lectures and keep
up with the homework assignments in this fairly challenging course.
190
MATHEMATICS
AS.110.311.01
Complex Analysis
John Lind
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the passionate and well organized professor who was able to
effectively deliver the content to students. The worst aspects of the course were the lengthy and
challenging homework assignments, as well as the challenging concepts covered in class. The students
felt that the homework assignments were unrealistically challenging and were not an adequate
representation of the type of problems that eventually appeared on exams. The course would improve if
there were more problems reviewed in class in direct proportion to the level of difficulty of the exams.
Prospective students should know that this is a very challenging course and they should have a strong
Calculus II and III background.
AS.110.401.01
Advanced Algebra I
Maxim Arap
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the lectures which complemented a fairly informative book as well
as the heavily weighted homework assignments that were good boosters for student grades. The worst
aspects of the course were the dull lectures, large amounts of assigned homework and the overall level
of difficulty that students met with in this class. The professor taught many of the lectures from the
book and went at a very fast pace for the second half of the semester. The course would improve if the
workload were lessened and if the class went at a steadier pace throughout the semester. Prospective
students should expect a fairly challenging course with lots of proofs and problem sets.
AS.110.402.01
Advanced Algebra II
Caterina Consani
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the passionate professor and teaching assistant, as well as the
fair lectures and class textbook. Students also enjoyed the challenge of the material. The worst aspect of
the course was the occasionally dull lectures that were textbook driven. Even though the textbook was
somewhat helpful, students felt that the book could have been clearer and inclusive of more examples.
Prospective students should be prepared to do lots of weekly homework problems and should have a
strong background in algebra.
AS.110.405.01
Analysis I
191
MATHEMATICS
Turgay Bayraktar
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the well organized and presented lectures. The worst aspects of the
course were the difficult concepts and homework assignments. Students felt the professor's lectures
were an extension of the book and therefore didn't offer much more to the class. The course would
improve if the lectures were more engaging and if there were more practice problems or supportive
materials to help students understand the math better. Prospective students should have a strong
background in Calculus and Algebra, and should stay on top of the homework assignments to help them
understand the problems better.
AS.110.413.01
Intro to Topology
John Lind
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging professor and the subject of topology. The worst
aspect of the course was the level of difficulty experienced with the problems. The students expressed
frustration at the fact that their homework assignments were rarely given back to them. The course
would improve if there was more in-class practice of the problem sets or if there was a section with a
teaching assistant. Prospective students should have some previous background in Analysis I. Overall, it
was a fun, but challenging course.
AS.110.416.01
Honors Analysis II
Jose Gomez
Overall quality of the class: 4.92
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor who effectively covered the subject matter in an
organized and clear manner. The professor explained Analysis thoroughly and gave students a clear
understanding of important concepts. The worst aspects of the course were the heavy amounts of
information that had to be covered, as well as the challenging aspect of the course. The course would
improve if more time was spent reviewing the homework assignments. Prospective students should
have some previous Analysis background and should be aware that the Honors Analysis I course is
structured differently than the regular Analysis course.
AS.110.417.01
Partial Diff Equations
Mihai Tohaneanu
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
192
MATHEMATICS
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the organized lectures that covered many topics in a presentable
manner. The professor was clear, always available, and showed a genuine interest in his students
learning the material. The worst aspects of the course were the difficult homework assignments and the
fast pace the class seemed to go in at times. The course would improve if the solutions to the homework
assignments were made available for students and if there were more review materials available.
Prospective students should know that the course reviews a lot of ODE and it is a good idea to have
strong knowledge of it before you go into the course.
AS.110.421.01
Dynamical Systems
Richard Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging professor, the exciting lectures, and the available
lecture notes. The worst aspects of the course were the difficult and plenteous homework assignments,
as well as the dense textbook. Students felt that there were lots of problems not often covered by the
book and that the feedback on their homework assignments never really helped them understand the
correct results. The course would improve if there was a more supportive textbook for the class and if
there were more examples provided for the homework assignments. Prospective students should work
hard on the homework assignments and ensure they attend all classes to get help in the somewhat
difficult and proof-heavy course.
AS.110.602.01
Algebra
Vyacheslav Shokurov
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.110.607.01
Complex Variables
Yuan Yuan
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
193
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.530.102.01
Freshman Experiences in Mechanical Engineering
Stephen Belkoff
Overall quality of the course: 3.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the exposure and introduction to MATLAB, the guest lecturers,
the design project that allowed students the opportunity to hone their group collaboration skills, and
the chance for students to participate in the mock trial. One student felt that because the material was
made available online and because students were permitted to use notes during exams, he/she felt less
of an incentive to attend class and/or learn the material. A few students felt the lectures were, at times,
difficult to attend to because they were pedantic and dry in nature. Suggestions included clarifying the
syllabus for future students and providing more classroom structure overall throughout the duration of
the semester. Prospective students are encouraged to attend all of the lectures and study sessions so
that they will walk away with a better understanding of MATLAB once the course is over.
EN.530.104.01
Introduction to Mechanics II
John Thomas
Overall quality of the course: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the instructor's enthusiasm. Students also appreciated the intriguing
material presented in the lectures and the opportunity to explore physics alongside mechanics. A few
students felt the exams should have had more than 3 questions each on them. Also, students felt they
should have received more feedback on returned work from the instructor. Suggestions included
incorporating more review sessions for the tests and providing more examples on the material in class.
Prospective students should know it's important to make sure they understand the material; if they
don't, they should get assistance before they fall behind, as catching up is difficult.
EN.530.106.01
194
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Mechanical Engineering Freshman Lab II
Stephen Belkoff
Overall quality of the course: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was applying what students learned in Freshman Mechanics to the lab.
Students also appreciated the absence of pre-labs and post-labs and the overall hands-on experience
taking apart bikes. Some students felt the labs were, at times, poorly organized. Students also felt that
completing particular labs within a 3-hour time frame was excessively difficult. Suggestions included
offering more dissection labs, providing students with clearer expectations on the labs, and focusing less
on how accurately a student can sketch. Prospective students should know that many of the labs are
difficult and require the entire class time so it's pertinent to be punctual.
EN.530.202.02-05
Dynamics
Narutoshi Nakata
Overall quality of the course: 3.72
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the homework assignments that prepared the students for the
exams and the comprehensible way the instructor conveyed the concept. The textbook was concise and
relevant to the lectures, and the class was well-structured. Some students felt the assignments were
graded too harshly. Students also felt the homework questions were often too ambiguous. Suggestions
included incorporating more review sessions, lightening the out-of-class workload, and providing more
physical demonstrations of the material. Prospective students should have a good grasp of calculus and
should attend all lectures to be successful in the course.
EN.530.215.01
Mechanics-Based Design
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the course: 3.95
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the thorough explanation of the material and the instructor's
enthusiasm for the subject matter. One student wished that more examples of derivations were shown
as opposed to discussed. Also, students felt the length of time in which they had to complete quizzes
was excessively short. Suggestions included providing students with more time to complete the quizzes
and access to sample problems online. Prospective students should know that it's important not to fall
behind because the class covers a lot of material in one semester.
EN.530.216.01-05
Mechanics Based Design Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the course: 4.19
195
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful demonstrations of the concepts learned, hands-on
lab experience, the enthusiasm with which the instructor taught, and the minimal amount of homework
assigned. Some students felt the lectures were disjointed and did not correlate well with the labs. Also,
when labs didn't work, the students, TA, and instructor were stumped. Suggestions included having
students start the design project earlier in the semester and allowing students more creative "wiggle
room" with the final project. Prospective students should know that this class is performance-based as
all the experiments are self-contained in the classroom; it's important to show up.
EN.530.241.01-03
Electronics & Instrumentation
Sean Carver, Noah Cowan
Overall quality of the class: 2.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the fun and informative labs, the challenging material and the
hands-on experience. Several students felt that although Dr. Carver worked hard to ensure students
were learning, he had a great deal of trouble conveying much of the material to the class. One
suggestion was to simplify and shorten the labs that came late in the semester. Another suggestion was
to provide students with feedback in a timely manner. Prospective students are encouraged to make
sure they learn the fundamentals properly or they will struggle in the class as it progresses.
EN.530.334.01
Heat Transfer
Andrea Prosperetti
Overall quality of the course: 3.34
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing content and the detailed, concise lectures. Some
students felt the instructor was unapproachable, and wrote illegibly. Also, students felt the material was
more theoretical in nature; some wished more concrete applicable examples had been given.
Suggestions included providing more examples and answering student questions about the concepts
without sarcasm. Prospective students should know the class is extremely hard, but the textbook is
quite helpful.
EN.530.335.01-04
Heat Transfer Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the course: 3.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the flexible lab hours, hands-on experience, the focus on the
technical-writing aspects of lab reports, and the opportunity to complete a lab by oneself. Some
students felt that it took way too long for the instructor to provide them with feedback. Students also
196
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
felt the lab reports were too lengthy and rigid. The most common suggestion for improvement was
making the lab reports a group effort. Prospective students should know this class consists of only three
labs so it's important to do well on all of them.
EN.530.343.01-03
Design and Analysis of Dynamical Systems
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the course: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the new concepts introduced through Simulink, the intriguing
lectures, and the organized and engaging instructor. A few students felt that the textbook wasn't
helpful. Students also felt that the beginning of the semester seemed drawn-out while the material
covered at the end of the year felt rushed. Suggestions included spending less time on dynamics and
differential equations and providing students with the supplemental material used by the instructor.
Prospective students should know it's pertinent to attend each class and to contact the instructor with
questions and/or concerns.
EN.530.354.01
Manufacturing Engineering
Yury Ronzhes
Overall quality of the course: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the amount of practical material covered, the moderate
homework assignments, the lecturers brought in to introduce manufacturing, and the hands-on
experience that provided students with tangible outcomes they could take home afterward. Some
students felt the PowerPoint slides were cumbersome. Students also felt that sometimes it was unclear
when particular labs were going to take place; students wound up missing other classes for the labs.
Suggestions included incorporating more facility tours and perhaps provide students with laser-cutting
certification. Prospective students are encouraged to take this fun, informative and engaging class.
EN.530.381.01
Engineering Design Process
Mohammad Dehghani, Nathan Scott
Overall quality of the course: 2.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the design project that was both challenging and practical; also,
the review of MBD was helpful. Some students felt the course veered toward a focus on mechanics in
the middle of the semester. Also, it was obvious that the two instructors clashed and students found this
distracting. Suggestions included focusing the course primarily on design and incorporating the
problems that senior designers experienced in years past as a basis of teaching improvement and
collaborative troubleshooting. Prospective students should start their design projects as early as
possible.
197
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.404.01
Engineering Design Project II
Nathan Scott
Overall quality of the course: 4.51
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on experience, the consistent interaction with one's
client as the project progressed, the discussion and analysis that went into solving actual design
problems, and the guidance provided by the instructors. Some students felt they were not given proper
feedback on their projects and reports. A few students felt that the assessments, deadlines,
presentations, and reports should have been better organized and communicated to students.
Suggestions included allowing students more machine shop access and training prior to their projects;
also, providing students with more individual communication and feedback throughout the semester.
Prospective students should keep up with all the milestones of the course and try not to procrastinate.
EN.530.410.01
Biomechanics of the Cell
Sean Sun
Overall quality of the course: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing material and lectures, as well as the instructor's
enthusiasm for the material. One student felt that posting grades/material on Blackboard would have
been beneficial. Another student felt there could have been more feedback provided. Suggestions
included incorporating example problems in class and creating a centralized class website for
organizational purposes. Prospective students should know it is helpful to have a firm grasp of
thermodynamics and statistics beforehand.
EN.530.421.01-03
Mechatronics
Gregory Chirikjian
Overall quality of the course: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on experience, opportunities to build a robot, and
the exposure to design. Some students felt they were not provided feedback on labs and homework in a
timely fashion. Students also felt the groups they worked within did not consist of other motivated
individuals and that the building materials provided were not always adequate. Suggestions included
letting students know they will be using MATLAB before the semester begins and providing students
with feedback sooner. Prospective students should know that this course requires MATLAB and acrylic
laser cutting.
EN.530.444.01
Computer-Aided Fluid Mechanics and Heat Transfer
198
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Cila Herman
Overall quality of the course: 3.28
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included COMSOL, the fair workload, and the instructor's awareness of
how far along the students were. Students felt the instructor did not provide them with enough
information before assigning homework. They also felt the instructor often went off on too many
tangents. Suggestions included providing more communication with the students and incorporating
more lectures/theory on CFD. Prospective students might find basic knowledge of heat transfer and fluid
dynamics helpful.
EN.530.464.01
Energy Systems Analysis
Dennice Gayme
Overall quality of the course: 4.11
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.470.01
Space Vehicle Dynamics & Control
Timothy McGee, Martin Ozimek
Overall quality of the course: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the informative lectures, well-designed homework assignments,
and expert guest lecturers. One student felt the lecture notes in the second half of class were difficult to
follow. Other students felt the homework was "busy work" or excessively tedious. Suggestions included
incorporating videos to illustrate attitude concepts, providing more application examples, and providing
less proofs. Prospective students should know MATLAB and are encouraged to do the extra credit work.
EN.530.606.01
Mechanics of Solids and Materials II
Jaafar El-Awady
Overall quality of the class: 3.38
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the lessons on research topics and the practical applications it
offered to the field of engineering. The worst aspects of the course included the professors' impatience
and the homework assignments. The professor would interrupt students while they were answering his
questions and would occasionally be absent from class, leaving the teaching assistant to give the
lessons. Also, the homework assignments were heavy and often based on things not learned in class.
The course would improve if the professor was more organized and if the class were better structured.
Prospective students should expect a very useful and interesting engineering course in which a previous
background in Solid Mechanics is required.
199
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.622.01
Fluid Dynamics II
Joseph Katz
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the wide range of topics covered on fluid dynamics. The material was
interesting and very applicable to the Engineering field. The worst aspects of the course included the
professor's fast and hard to follow lectures, as well as the lack of supplementary learning materials
available for students. The course would improve if the class notes were provided to students, if there
was a supplementary textbook for the class, and if the professor communicated with more legible
handwriting. Prospective students should have a strong background in fluids and be prepared to put
forth effort in this challenging course.
EN.530.647.01
Adaptive Systems
Louis Whitcomb
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the organized professor and the well-presented material. The
notes and textbook were helpful to students and they felt that the professor presented the material
very clearly. The worst aspects of the course included the homework assignments that were given
without solutions and the exams that required students to do lots of memorization. The course would
improve if there were additional lectures or readings on adaptive systems, as well as some kind of
assigned project. Prospective students should have a background in linear systems before taking this
course.
EN.530.658.01
Thermally Activated Processes in Solids
Jaafar El-Awady
Overall quality of this course: 3.63
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.672.01
Biosensing & BioMEMS
Jeff Wang
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the fun lectures and the assigned project. The professor was
able to cover a lot of material in an effective way. The worst aspect of the course was the difficult and
200
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
heavily weighted homework assignments. The students found the teaching assistant's grading system
unclear. The course would improve if there were more examples and review sessions to help students
understand much of what they were learning. Prospective students should be sure to put forth lots of
effort into the heavily weighted homework assignments in this relatively fun course.
EN.530.678.01
Nonlinear Control and Planning in Robotics
Marin Kobilarov
Overall quality of this course: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.730.01
Finite Element Methods
Somnath Ghosh
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the course project and assignments which helped students to
better understand finite elements. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy and unclear
homework assignments, and the occasional structure of the class. The professor scarcely provided
helpful responses to assignments, would occasionally cancel classes, and keep students late in others.
The course would improve if the professor provided more examples of the problems and was more
helpful to students. Prospective students should set apart lots of time for the projects/assignments and
should have a good background in programming.
EN.530.762.01
Advanced Math Methods for Engineers
Andrea Prosperetti
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the passionate and helpful professor, as well as the useful and
substantial amount of topics covered in the class. The worst aspects of the course included the difficult
exams and the teaching assistant who often graded arbitrarily and was unable to answer student
queries. The homework assignments were not as challenging as they could have been, causing students
not to do so well on their exams. The course would improve if some real life application was offered and
if the exams were reflective of the type of homework assignments students were given. Prospective
students should have a strong math background and be prepared to challenge themselves in this fast
paced course.
EN.530.766.01
Numerical Methods
Rajat Mittal
201
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
Overall quality of the class: 4.68
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor whose detailed lessons helped to ensure all students
understood the material. The supportive homework assignments were very useful and students
thought that the class was well organized. The worst aspect of the course was the hefty homework
assignments that were not always in line with material students had learned in class. The course would
improve if there was a corresponding textbook for the class and if there were more lessons on
programming, theories and parallel computing. Prospective students should have some background in
programming before taking this interesting course on numerical methods.
202
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
MILITARY SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.374.102.01-02
Introduction to Leadership II
Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the course: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included its applicability to real-world scenarios and the moderate
assignments outside of class. Students appreciated the instructor's engaging demeanor and enthusiasm
for the course content. One student felt that assignment instructions could've been made clearer.
Suggestions included incorporating more hands-on practice and providing students with study guides.
Prospective students are encouraged to be interactive with the instructor and must know that the class
is heavily ROTC-based.
AS.374.120.01
Basic Leadership Laboratory II
Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the outdoor, hands-on training, and real-life applications it
provided, as well as the light workload. Some students felt the instructor would go on tangents too
much. Some students also complained that the instructor often ran over on time. Suggestions included
organizing communication, switching up the squads and platoons every once in a while, and making
class time more structured. Prospective students should know that this course is heavily ROTC-based
and they must be ready to apply lessons learned in labs.
AS.374.202.01
Leadership & Teamwork II
Paul Carroll, Matthew Dusablon, Shane Seay
Overall quality of the course: 4.41
203
MILITARY SCIENCE
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the exercises that allowed for interaction among students, the
peer feedback, and the practical examples provided by the instructor. Students also appreciated the
instructor's enthusiasm. Some students felt there was a lack of leadership opportunities. Suggestions
included more a realistic class time in ISIS, and providing students with more leadership opportunities.
Prospective students should know that the class is made up mostly of ROTC cadets.
AS.374.220.01
Advanced Team Leadership
Shane Seay
Overall quality of the course: 4.30
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.302.01
Leadership and Tactics
Paul Carroll, Bart Sime
Overall quality of the course: 4.44
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.307.01
Leadership in Military History
Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the course: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.320.01
Advanced Tactical Leadership
Bart Sime
Overall quality of the course: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.402.01
Adaptive Leadership/Professionalism
Paul Carroll
Overall quality of the course: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
204
MILITARY SCIENCE
AS.374.420.01
Advanced Organizational Planning
Paul Carroll
Overall quality of the course: 4.63
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
205
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
MUSEUM AND SOCIETY PROGRAMS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.389.130.01
Mini Course : Conservation, An Introduction to Technical Art History
Thomas Primeau
Overall quality of the course: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.389.202.01
Introduction to the Museum: Issues and Ideas
Jennifer Kingsley
Overall quality of the course: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class setting, the in-class discussions, and the guest
lecturers. Some students felt that the grading was excessively harsh. One suggestion was fewer
background readings. Another suggestion was to require more participation from students. Prospective
students should read the essay rubrics thoroughly, think hard about the prompts, and be prepared to do
a lot of reading and writing.
AS.389.275.01
Interpreting Collections: An Introduction to Museum Education-Community
Elizabeth Maloney
Overall quality of the course: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class field trips, lessons on how to write an exhibit label, and
the engaging class discussions. One student felt that the required readings were pedantic. Another
student felt the reading assignments were too dense and long. Suggestions included providing clearer
feedback on grading stipulations and incorporating more hands-on activities. Prospective students
206
MUSEUM AND SOCIETY PROGRAMS
should know that the class is invaluable to those exploring museum professions though it's reading and
writing-intensive.
AS.389.320.01
Photographs on the Edge : Ara Gler in Archives of the Smithsonian's Freer a
Nancy Micklewright
Overall quality of the course: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to collaborate with the Freer Sackler Museum
in DC and the practical skills provided for working in the museum industry. Some students felt that the
required readings were ineffective and that the assignments were sometimes unclear or superfluous.
One suggestion was to have the students begin working in groups earlier in the semester. Another
suggestion was to make the coherence between the classwork and the readings clearer. Prospective
students should have a strong interest in curatorial work and have the time to travel to DC more than
once within the semester.
AS.389.360.01
American Literature on Display
Gabrielle Dean
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included preparing the final exhibition of the semester and the intriguing
reading assignments. Also, students appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm for the material. One
student felt that, at times, there were so many different assignments that it was hard to prioritize.
Suggestions included providing students with feedback and making the required readings less dense.
Prospective students should know that the course is reading-intensive and that they will have the
opportunity to work independently on a final project.
207
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.376.111.01-02
Rudiments-Music Theory
Faye Chiao
Overall quality of the course: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included looking at various facets pertaining to music theory that
provided a comprehensive learning experience and listening to the instructor lecture at the piano.
Students also appreciated the instructor's engaging demeanor. Some students felt that the workload
was excessive and the assignments pedantic. Suggestions included incorporating more technical aspects
of music and distributing the assignments evenly throughout the week. Prospective students should
know that this course requires a significant amount of work outside of the classroom but is a wonderful
class for learning music theory.
AS.376.111.03
Rudiments-Music Theory
Joshua Bornfield
Overall quality of the course: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's dedication to making sure the students were
learning the content and his enthusiasm for the material. One student felt that the instructor moved too
quickly through the content. Another student stated that, at times, it was difficult to correspond with
the instructor, particularly through email. Suggestions included providing more opportunities to practice
music analysis and making class participation a more inclusive process. Prospective students should
know this class requires a lot of work.
AS.376.211.01
Theory & Musicianship I
Faye Chiao
208
MUSIC
Overall quality of the course: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the varied examples the text/instructor provided and the
instructor's clear and logical lectures. Some of the students felt that the workload was excessive and
that there were not enough listening exercises. One suggestion was for the instructor to provide
material other than the textbook. Another suggestion was more listening practices. Prospective students
should know that though it's not mandatory, taking Rudiments of Music Theory beforehand helped
some pupils with understanding certain concepts.
AS.376.211.02
Theory & Musicianship I
Travis Hardaway
Overall quality of the course: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.376.212.01
Theory/Musicianship II
Travis Hardaway
Overall quality of the course: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included listening to and analyzing pieces of music; also, the instructor
required composition from his students. One student felt the class was, at times, disorganized. Another
student felt that the instructor seemed more focused on lecturing than on interaction. Suggestions
included adopting new composition pieces, a different textbook, and ensuring that there is ample
participation/interaction between the instructor and students in class. Prospective students should have
a solid background in music theory and, if possible, access to a piano/keyboard.
AS.376.216.01
Theory III  Counterpoint
Stephen Stone
Overall quality of the course: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the compositions, the weekly assignments, and the possibility to
revise work. Also, students appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm and lively lectures. One student felt
that the class was "composition-heavy." Another student mentioned preference to turning the
homework in physically as opposed to online. Perspective students should know that this course is
composition-based.
AS.376.231.01-03
Western Classical Music
Richard Giarusso
209
MUSIC
Overall quality of the course: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included listening to music for homework, the engaging class lectures
and that the instructor eliminated a quiz and an assignment because of time constraints. Students also
appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm. Some of the students felt that the amount of information in
the listening quizzes was sometimes too much. One student suggested an introduction on how to read
music for those who could not. Prospective students should know that background knowledge in music
theory is not necessary, but helpful.
AS.376.258.01
Jazz Improvisation and Theory
Alexander Norris
Overall quality of the course: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the combination of lecture and live playing in the classroom and
the opportunity to practice improvisation. Students also appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm. Some
students felt the class was unstructured and disorganized. One suggestion included integrating some
jazz history into the course. Prospective students don't necessarily need to know how to play jazz but it
helps immensely if one knows how to read music.
AS.376.341.01
Music and Literature: 20th Century Opera
Richard Giarusso
Overall quality of the course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the open discussions and lessons on the musical and literary
facets of opera. One student felt that it was difficult having to sit through the operas in class. Another
student stated that the instructor was late with feedback. Suggestions included reducing the number of
operas introduced in class and dispersing the workload a bit more evenly. Prospective students should
know that the weekly assignments are time-consuming.
AS.376.407.01
Music and Evolution
Elizabeth Tolbert
Overall quality of the course: 3.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
210
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.670.616.01
Introduction to Nano Bio Tutorials II
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.670.621.01
Nano Bio Laboratory
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of this course: 4.13
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.670.630.01
Cancer Nanotechnology Training Center (CNTC) Tutorial
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of this course: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
211
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.130.126.01
Gods and Monsters in Ancient Egypt
Richard Jasnow
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the engaging lectures delivered by an enthusiastic professor, and
the interesting course material. The worst aspects of the course were the unclear lectures, excessive
reading assignments and the disorganized class structure at times. The professor didn't always follow
the syllabus schedule when it came to lectures, jumped around on many subjects, and completely
overlooked some. The course would improve if there was a better structured syllabus with clearer
expectations, as well as more assignments in between the semester so that grades wouldn't be heavily
weighted on the exams. Prospective students should attend all classes and spend time with the
readings.
AS.130.170.01
Diplomacy and Conflict in the Ancient Middle East
Jacob Lauinger
Overall quality of the class: 4.49
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the lectures and the engaging professor. The professor was
passionate, extremely knowledgeable, and effective in presenting the course material to students. The
worst aspect of the course was the grading structure which was made up of only one midterm and one
final exam. The course would improve if there were more assignments added to the grading system to
help students who are not able to do well on the two exams. Prospective students should expect to
keep up with a lot of material, and readings in order to do well on the heavily weighted exams.
AS.130.177.01
World Prehistory
Michael Harrower
212
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the easygoing professor and helpful PowerPoint slides. The
worst aspects of the course included the dull course material and lectures. There was not much in-class
discussion and students found it difficult to stay engaged in the lectures. The course would improve if
there were more discussions and engaging materials to help students stay involved in class. The course
is fairly manageable and it focuses on archeology. Prospective students should be sure to attend all
lectures in order to do well on the exams and writing assignments.
AS.130.212.01
The Archaeology of Death, Burial and the Human Skeleton
Christopher Brinker
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging and knowledgeable professor, as well as the
interesting case studies and readings. The worst aspect of the course was the lengthy and dense
readings. The course would improve if the readings were lessened and more focused. It would also
improve if there were more class discussions and clearer lessons/assignments. Prospective students
should expect to do lots of reading in this class that had lots of interesting topics to offer.
AS.130.352.01
History of Hasidism
David Katz
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.130.354.01
Archaeological Method and Theory
Michael Harrower
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
213
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
NEUROSCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.080.105.01
An Introduction to Neuroscience
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the course: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing presentation of material, the balanced workload,
and the instructor's engaging lecturing style. Students also appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm for
the course content. Some students felt that the course was too demanding for an intro level class and
that there were not enough opportunities to improve grades (grades were based on the mean of three
tests throughout the semester). Suggestions included providing more online study resources and
assigning more out-of-class work so that students can better understand the material. Prospective
students are encouraged to attend every lecture and study regularly for the tests as opposed to waiting
until the day before.
AS.080.203.01
Cognitive Neuroscience
Brenda Rapp
Overall quality of the course: 3.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the effective presentation of the material, the podcasts that
were posted on Blackboard, the instructor's enthusiasm for the content, and the lectures that were
supplemented with visual aids. Some students felt that the instructor could, at times, get lost in her
lectures and deliver misleading or incorrect information. Students also felt that the exams did not match
the material that had been presented in class. Suggestions included providing review exams, clarifying
what the exams could potentially cover, and more student engagement. Prospective students should
know that it's vital to do well on the class exams as the cumulative course grade is based on the mean of
three tests.
AS.080.250.01-04
214
NEUROSCIENCE
Neuroscience Lab
Linda Gorman, Jason Trageser
Overall quality of the course: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the applicability of the material to the lecture section and the
organization of the labs. Also, students appreciated the hands-on experience. Some students felt that
the practical was too intense and difficult. Some students felt that more time could've been spent on
the electrophysiology portion of the class and that more guidance regarding the practical could have
been provided. Prospective students should know that engagement is pertinent, they should be
prepared to memorize the material, and that the exams are difficult, but the labs are fun.
AS.080.302.01
Applied Neuroscience & Neurotechnology
Robert Yaffe
Overall quality of the course: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included exposure to current developments in neuroscience, the
thought-provoking class discussions, and the trip to the medical campus to learn about TMS. Some
students felt there were too many videos and that only a few students actively engaged in class
discussions. One suggestion was to focus on a more limited number of technologies and learn about
them in greater detail. Another suggestion was to have a class devoted to "think tanking" new neuro-
nanotechnology solutions. Prospective students should know that the class consists mostly of persons
likewise interested in neuroscience and neurotechnology.
AS.080.303.01
Structure of the Nervous System
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the course: 4.44
Summary:
One of the best aspects of this course included the comprehensive, cohesive exposure to difficult,
previously "skimmed over" material. Another great aspect included the instructor's dynamic lecturing
format. Some students felt the textbook for the final third of the semester was useless and outdated.
One suggestion was to present the visual information (slides) in a more intuitive fashion. Another
suggestion was to post practice questions/practice exams on Blackboard. Prospective students should
expect to do a good deal of memorization, and explore an expansion of the nervous system on a
structural level.
AS.080.306.01
The Nervous System II
Stewart Hendry, Haiqing Zhao
Overall quality of the course: 4.79
215
NEUROSCIENCE
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the plethora of different study tools offered to the students, the
straightforward manner in which the information was presented, the well-organized slides, and the
many opportunities to get outside help. Students also appreciated the diverse and enthusiastic teaching
styles from both lecturers. Some students felt there was too much memorization involved, and that the
workload was too excessive and dense. Suggestions included podcasting the lectures, condensing the
material covered on the final exam, and devoting some class time to pre-exam reviews. Prospective
students should attend lectures, keep up with the required reading, listen to the instructors' advice,
study the details repeatedly, and take advantage of the availability of the instructors and teaching
assistants.
AS.080.320.01
The Auditory System
Dana Boatman
Overall quality of the course: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on applications that were provided, that the subject
was relevant to research, medical school, and clinical practice, and that the case presentations were
applicable and thought-provoking. Also, students appreciated the guest lecturers who came to speak.
Some students felt that the content was too elementary and reminiscent of Nervous System I.
Suggestions included requiring a written portion of the clinical case presentations to make sure that
students prepare and allowing them access to slides for the next class. Prospective students should
know that though the workload was considerably light. Also, the first academic year that the course was
offered was 2012-2013, therefore, the structure will likely change soon.
AS.080.322.01
Cellular and Molecular Biology of Sensation
Samer Hattar
Overall quality of the course: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was having various guest lectures on different topics from week to week.
The worst aspects of the course included getting little feedback on assignments and not really knowing
where you stand in the class. Students thought that the course lacked organization. Grading and
returning assignments in a timely manner would improve the class. Perspective students should know
that the course covers very interesting material, but keeping track of your grade can be difficult.
AS.080.330.01
Brain Injury & Recovery
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the course: 4.48
Summary:
216
NEUROSCIENCE
The best aspects of this course included the small class discussions, learning how to read and
comprehend information presented in scientific articles/papers, the student presentations, and the
instructor's thought-provoking lectures. Students also appreciated that having scientific reflections and
summary papers helped them synthesize and consolidate all the information. A few students felt that
some of the requirements for assignments were unclear, that the work wasn't evenly distributed
throughout the semester, and that the feedback was inconsistent. Suggestions included clarifying the
expectations on homework, utilizing more technology in the classroom and offering set topics for
research papers. Prospective students should be prepared to dedicate a good chunk of time to reading
papers and writing scientific reflections.
AS.080.352.01
Higher Brain Function
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the course: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the variety of guest lecturers, the diverse topics presented by
the different speakers, and the instructor's willingness to clarify difficult concepts. Some students felt
that the paper selections were not always relevant. Some students felt that certain guest lecturers were
not engaging and were disorganized with their material. Suggestions included incorporating a review
section into the class and reducing the time length of student presentations. Prospective students
should know that the course is heavily research-based, reading and writing-intensive, and that they are
expected to complete a project with fellow pupils.
AS.080.370.01
The Cerebellum: Is it just for motor control?
John Desmond
Overall quality of the course: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the weekly readings that were relevant to the lecture material,
the engaging guest lecturers, and the laid-back classroom atmosphere. One student felt that the amount
of material covered on the first exam was overwhelming. Other students felt that the material was
sometimes dry and repetitive. Suggestions included lowering the grade percentage based on classroom
participation, administering more exams to spread out the material, and engaging the students more in
discussions. Prospective students should be prepared to regularly participate and should know that the
course is reading-intensive.
AS.080.401.01-03
Research Practicum: KEEN (Kids Enjoying Exercise Now)
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the course: 4.71
Summary:
217
NEUROSCIENCE
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on experience and the mission of the class itself.
Some students felt that the drive on Sunday to Rockville was a little tedious and time-consuming. One
suggestion was to require students to write reflection papers on their experiences. Another suggestion
was to ask the people working at the facility to provide a list of potential activities and tips for non-
verbal kids. Prospective students should be prepared to work with children who are developmentally-
disabled, and must be aware that the nature of the work can sometimes be challenging.
AS.080.411.01
Adv Sem: Neuroscience
Jay Baraban
Overall quality of the course: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.080.850.01
Mentored Research: Neuroscience
Jay Baraban
Overall quality of the course: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
218
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
PHILOSOPHY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.150.118.01-04
Introduction to Formal Logic
Peter Achinstein
Overall quality of the course: 3.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing subject material, homework assignments that
were not time-consuming, and the lessons on formulating proofs. One student felt that the material
should be made available online. A few students felt the price of the textbook was excessive, that there
was not enough feedback given, and that the rules regarding what constitutes acceptable homework
seemed arbitrary. Suggestions included clarifying the lectures/progression of the course material and
utilizing a real textbook. Prospective students should know that it's a difficult 100-level class and that it's
important to attend every lecture and pay close attention.
AS.150.129.01
Introduction to Philosophical Reasoning
John Waterman
Overall quality of the course: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the seminar structure. Students enjoyed the interactive class
discussions that were driven by the interesting topics. The worst aspects of the course were that the
course would seem to drag on and having so few assignments to base a grade upon. Some students
suggested having more meetings per week. Perspective students should be comfortable with speaking,
as the course is discussion driven. Overall, this is a very interesting introductory course.
AS.150.202.01
Philosophy of Medicine
Bryan Miller
Overall quality of the course: 4.50
219
PHILOSOPHY
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small in-class discussions, the reading schedule that the
instructor sometimes altered to accommodate a particularly fascinating topic, and the exams that were
designed to provide students with a better understanding of key concepts. Students also appreciated
the instructor's enthusiasm for the subject material. Some students felt that the instructor's notes on
the board were often illegible, that the instructor didn't clarify guidelines or expectations for
assignments, and the required readings were, at times, excessive. One suggestion was to assign fewer
readings per week in order to concentrate solely on one or two articles. Another suggestion was to
provide the students with typed lecture notes. Prospective students should know that some debate is
required in class, that participation in discussions is crucial, and that the course is reading-intensive.
AS.150.205.01; 04
Introduction to the History of Modern Philosophy
Michael Williams
Overall quality of the course: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to learn about metaphysics and epistemology,
the sections that aided students in understanding the material, and the course content that was
delivered both coherently and chronologically. Students also appreciated the instructor's engaging and
often humorous demeanor. Some students felt that the required amount of reading was excessive for
an introductory course. Suggestions included providing students with a brief but comprehensive
overview of the material and making a set of specific questions available before section. Prospective
students should know that the material in this class is intriguing and thought-provoking, but that the
workload is time-consuming and dense.
AS.150.220.01-02; 04-07
Introduction to Moral Philosophy
L Nandi Theunissen
Overall quality of the course: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the section meetings that allowed students to talk about the
implications of the readings, the instructor's outlines of the material, and the fluid progression between
philosophers introduced in class. Some students felt that the workload was excessive, that the grading
criterion fluctuated unfairly between the various section leaders, and that the lectures were sometimes
monotonous. One suggestion was allotting more time for in-class discussions. Another suggestion was to
structure the sections in a manner conducive to student participation. Prospective students should know
that this is a reading-intensive course.
AS.150.300.01
Prometheus Editorial Workshop
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
220
PHILOSOPHY
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the diverse philosophical papers students were assigned, as well
as the overall learning experience. The worst aspects of the course were the philosophical papers that
were not so well written and the lack of cohesiveness in class as many students didn't show interest in
the course. The course would improve if the students got feedback on their work and if there was
incentive to get students really engaged in their philosophical papers. Some think the course could
benefit more if it were in the form of a workshop. Prospective students should take this course if they
are interested in philosophy and want an exciting, yet challenging way to explore philosophical topics of
today.
AS.150.311.01
Undergraduate Seminar: Philosophy of Ludwig Wittgenstein
Michael Williams
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the readings and the interesting course material and lectures. The
professor was an excellent lecturer who kept things funny and interesting. The worst aspects of the
course were the hefty amounts of reading and the research paper which counted as 100% of the
student's grade. The course would improve if there were more assignments throughout the semester.
Prospective students should be sure to do all the readings and try their best to understand the
underlying messages in each literary piece, as it will help them write the final and only paper.
AS.150.401.01
Greek Philosophy: Plato and His Predecessors
Richard Bett
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting readings and class discussions. The professor was
very knowledgeable, engaging, and able to effectively deliver the content to students. The worst aspects
of the course were the numerous readings assigned, and the discussions led by the professor and
graduate students. The course would improve if there was more dialogue and discussion as opposed to
lectures. Prospective students should be ready for interesting philosophy readings about people like
Plato.
AS.150.424.01
Foundations of Probability & Induction
Peter Achinstein
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.150.474.01
Justice and Health
221
PHILOSOPHY
Hilary Bok
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting topics presented in class, the engaging class
discussions, and the humorous professor. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class
periods, as well as the unstructured assignment guidelines and discussions. The professor was not very
clear on the final paper guidelines and often dominated the class discussions. The course would improve
if the discussions were better structured and if there were clearer instructions for the papers.
Prospective students should be prepared to do lots of reading and writing in this class that is graded
based on the philosophy papers.
AS.150.476.01
Philosophy and Cognitive Science
Steven Gross
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the subjects explored in class, the interesting readings, and the
passionate professor. The professor was able to effectively guide the lectures, explain the readings, and
garner interest in the subjects. The worst aspects of the course were the lengthy reading assignments
and the overload of the final paper and exam. The course would improve if the readings were lessened
and more focused. It would also help if the class was smaller and more discussion-based. Prospective
students should be prepared to read and discuss the readings through one or two papers in this fairly
interesting class.
AS.150.488.01
Enlightenment Moral and Political Theory
Hilary Bok
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.150.495.01
Sex, Drugs, and Bioethics: Medicine and Morality in Modern America
Daniel O'Connor
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the group discussions as well as the interesting material and
readings. The professor was very approachable and engaging. The worst aspects of the course were the
hefty readings and the unclear paper guidelines. The course would improve if the class were perhaps,
split into two sections per week, and if the readings were more focused. Prospective students should
222
PHILOSOPHY
know the course covers topics like abortion and they should do the readings so they can be prepared to
discuss them in class.
223
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.171.101.01; 04-05
Gen Phys: Phys Sci Maj I
David Neufeld
Overall quality of the course: 4.37
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the sections that allowed students to work with peers, the
instructor's emphasis on learning the concepts, the instructor's engaging lecturing style, and the
opportunity to watch pre-lectures. Students also appreciated the instructor's demonstrations that made
the material relevant and cohesive with the lecture and textbook content. Some students felt the
textbook wasn't adequate enough. Students also felt the midterm exams were too challenging
compared to the homework and in-class problems. Suggestions included replacing the textbook,
providing students with more access to practice problems, and incorporating more explanations into the
lecture slides, as opposed to simply displaying computational information. Prospective students should
know that this course offers a lot of opportunities to practice the concepts, but it's also extremely
reading and formula-intensive.
AS.171.101.02-03
Gen Phys: Phys Sci Maj I
Bruce Barnett, David Neufeld
Overall quality of the course: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's relevant demonstrations, the videos provided
on Smart Physics that were both helpful and easy to understand, and the manner in which the instructor
promoted class interaction by incorporating clicker questions. Some students felt that dually submitting
homework and answers to questions on Smart Physics was excessive. One student felt that there was
too much type disparity in the physics problems  numerical homework problems, practical in-class
problems, and conceptual exam problems  and this made content application difficult. Suggestions
included providing more explanations or derivations in class, exposing students to practice problems of
all types (conceptual, practical, and quantitative) to improve comprehensive understanding of the
224
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
material, and omitting/limiting the amount of clicker questions. Prospective students should be
thorough when viewing pre-lectures, attend all sections, and be prepared for intense reading and
difficult exams.
AS.171.102.01-15
General Physics II
Collin Broholm
Overall quality of the course: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included its thorough synopsis of the concepts of electricity and
magnetism, the in-class demonstrations, the pre-lecture introduction to new material, the practice tests,
and the homework that allowed students unlimited opportunities to both understand and solve difficult
problems. Students also appreciated the instructor's engaging, often humorous lecturing style. Some
students felt that the homework and in-class lessons didn't always correlate appropriately. Students also
felt that the time of day during which the class was offered was too early. Suggestions included using a
different textbook, changing the test structure to use more concepts similar to the ones in the
homework, and devoting more time in class to solving difficult problems. Prospective students should
know there is both pre-lecture homework and regular homework. Also, prospective students should be
comfortable with integrals, capable of keeping up with both the pre-lectures and the checkpoint
problems, and aware that the class is time-consuming and reading-intensive.
AS.171.104.01-10
Gen Phys/Biol Majors II
Timothy Heckman
Overall quality of the course: 3.27
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the demonstrations that illustrated difficult concepts, the
organized and progressive manner of the lectures, the exams and notes that were posted online, the
resources available for learning outside of class, the conferences with the instructors, and the physics
sections/exam review sessions. Some students felt that the assigned homework was inconsistent to the
material on the exams and that the grading rubric for exams needed clarification. Also, students felt that
the instructor lectured at too rapid a pace and designed the exams to be more conceptual as opposed to
critical/practical. Suggestions included correlating the homework and the exams consistently, having
homework due on days other than exam days, omitting mastering physics, assigning more workbook
problems, as the material is more relevant, and requiring attendance. Prospective students should know
that without the prior knowledge of Physics II, the course will be extremely difficult to understand. Also,
much of the material both taught and tested is theoretical, and while the class lectures focus more on
math and derivations, the tests are more conceptual.
AS.171.106.01-02
Electricity and Magnetism I
Petar Maksimovic
Overall quality of the course: 4.77
225
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the timely feedback provided to students, the instructor's ability
to thoroughly explain the concepts, and the class format that was both non-traditional and conducive to
participation. Students also appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm and his particular interest in
developing students' problem-solving skills. Some students felt that the workload was excessive outside
of class. Suggestions included making the homework easier and occasionally lecturing the class in a
more traditional manner. Prospective students should have a solid understanding of calculus.
AS.171.118.01
Stars and the Universe: Cosmic Evolution
Adam Riess
Overall quality of the course: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the fact that it was taught by a Nobel Prize winner. The telescopes
provided were great, the review sessions helped students understand difficult concepts with detailed
demonstration, and the use of an anthology of primary literature and astronomy textbook helped
students compare visual representations. Students also appreciated having the opportunity to hold the
Nobel Prize. Some students felt there was great disparity between the questions on the problem sets
and the questions on the test. Suggestions included clarifying what's expected on the homework,
incorporating more math, and providing students access to an online audio recording of the lecture
(because the instructor often spoke at a rapid pace.) Prospective students should have prior knowledge
of math and physics.
AS.171.202.01
Modern Physics
Nina Markovic
Overall quality of the course: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to various types of physics and the class's relevant
and thorough introduction to quantum mechanics. Students also appreciated the instructor's
enthusiasm for the material. Some students felt that the amount of material covered between the
midterm and the final exam was too expansive. Suggestions included devoting a small amount of time to
reviewing chemistry and structuring the blackboard notes so that students can effectively read them.
Prospective students should read the text to supplement the lectures.
AS.171.204.01
Classical Mechanics II
Barry Blumenfeld
Overall quality of the course: 4.43
Summary:
226
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
The best aspect of this course was the relevancy between the text and the lectures. The instructor had
an engaging lecturing style and the course material was intriguing. Several students felt that the
homework was not returned in a timely manner. Another student felt that the grading scale placed too
large of an emphasis on exams as opposed to homework. Suggestions included creating a class website,
incorporating in-class demonstrations, and scheduling the class to start later in the day, not at 9 a.m.
Prospective students should be prepared to thoroughly read the texts, attend all the lectures, and to
devote a good deal of time to studying for this class.
AS.171.304.01
Quantum Mechanics II
Susan Kovesi-Domokos
Overall quality of the course: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the challenging material, the relevant textbook, and the
instructor's enthusiasm for the subject matter. Some students felt that it was difficult to decipher the
instructor's writing on the blackboard. Students also felt the material was mathematically dense and
since the instructor's lecturing style was mostly reciting the text while writing the equations on the
board, issues surfaced wherein the students understood the physics but didn't understand the math, or
vice versa. Suggestions included incorporating more physics into the lectures and providing more
examples during section rather than additional material. Prospective students should know that this
course is very math and reading-intensive.
AS.171.310.01
Biological Physics
Robert Leheny
Overall quality of the course: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that it drew from several fields of physics. Also, the lectures were
available online for personal study, and the assigned homework problems were relevant to the class
material. Students also appreciated the instructor's willingness to help. Some students felt that the
material weighed too heavy on one aspect and not enough on the other  either too much biology and
not enough physics, or vice versa. Suggestions included removing the lab component in favor of more TA
sessions and making additional practice problems with solutions available. Prospective students should
know the course builds on itself, so it's important to keep up with the material, and the lectures are
extremely informative, so it's pertinent to always attend class.
AS.171.411.01
Light and Optics
Brice Menard
Overall quality of the course: 4.89
Summary:
227
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
The best aspects of the course included the thought-provoking lectures, seminar-style format that was
conducive to class discussions, and the fact that content emphasized conceptually understanding the
"everyday world." Students also appreciated the instructor's ability to keep the class engaged. Some
students felt that the grading rubric needed clarification. One suggestion included providing optional
readings or course notes to supplement the lectures. Prospective students should know the class is less
focused on tests, more on quizzes, and that pupils are expected to complete projects for their midterm
grade.
AS.171.602.01
Order of Magnitude Physics
Julian Krolik
Overall quality of the course: 2.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the applicable material and its intriguing nature. Many students,
when they were struggling to understand something, were apprehensive to approach the instructor.
Also, students felt the instructor gave out problem sets that were excessively difficult and time-
consuming. Suggestions included reworking the material so that the students can actively learn from it
and restructuring the lectures so that the students can better comprehend the concepts. Prospective
students should know this is a very time-consuming, work-intensive course.
AS.173.111.01-04
General Physics Lab I
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the course: 3.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on experience and opportunities to apply physics to
"real-life" experiments. The instructor did not assign take home work and students got the chance to
shoot marbles from cannons. Some students felt they were not provided enough feedback on their labs.
Also, students felt some of the labs had some fundamental flaws that rendered their results unreadable
and/or inaccurate. Suggestions included correlating the labs better to the material being taught in class,
providing better experiment instructions, and procuring better equipment. Prospective students should
be prepared for difficult error analysis and challenging work within the classroom.
AS.173.112.01-23
General Physics Lab II
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the course: 3.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity available for students to experience many
conceptual characteristics of physics and the relevant lab experiments. There was no required work
outside of the lab, there was little emphasis on unnecessary math calculations, and the instructor and
TAs were all enthusiastic and helpful. The worst aspects of the course included the confusing labs
228
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
performed before the subject was reviewed in class, slow lab performance feedback, inoperative
equipment, unclear lab manuals, and excessive focus on error analysis. Suggestions included providing
more guidance in the laboratory, creating a comprehensible grading rubric, giving students clear
instructions on how to set up labs, less emphasis on error analysis, making class sizes smaller, and
clarifying expectations for the students regarding what's expected of their results. Prospective students
are encouraged to do the pre-lab reading and keep up with the lecture materials and know that time is
limited so it's of utmost importance not to waste it while in the lab.
AS.173.116.01
Electricity and Magnetism Laboratory
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the course: 3.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to apply concepts hands-on, the work was
completed while in lab, and the results often rendered useful formula derivations. Some students felt
the labs were pedantic and tedious. One suggestion was creating experiments that are more useful -- in
particular, ones that consisted of statistical exercises beyond plugging values into a formula. Another
suggestion was to incorporate pre-lab assignments. Prospective students should know MS Excel and be
prepared for time-consuming experiments.
AS.173.308.01-02
Advanced Physics Lab
Tobias Marriage
Overall quality of the course: 3.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included learning the different facets of physical theory from the various
experiments, gaining familiarity with Python and LaTeX, recreating historical experiments, and receiving
useful, relevant feedback from the instructor. Some students felt that the labs were poorly designed,
that the instructor unfairly presumed they all knew statistics and particular computer programs, and
that the grading was often inconsistent. One suggestion included providing details and examples on how
to use Python to analyze data. Another suggestion included implementing a consistent grading system
between the instructor and the TAs. Prospective students are encouraged to learn Python and LaTeX
before taking the course and to keep up with the material as it's extremely work-intensive, both in and
out of the lab.
229
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.190.102.01-08
Intro to Comp Politics
Nicolas Jabko
Overall quality of the course: 3.37
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lectures, class structure, clear expectations for
exams, and the instructor both allowed and encouraged students to be creative with their own ideas
regarding politics. Also, students enjoyed the opportunity to learn how to generate comparative essays.
Some students felt the readings were difficult, that the lecture content was only tangentially related to
what students were being tested on, that there was a lack of feedback from the instructor, and the
amount of required reading was excessive. One suggestion was that the instructor should incorporate
different countries in discussion besides America and European countries. Other suggestions included
having simpler, shorter, more interesting readings; making the final exam worth less of one's grade;
requiring both a rough and final draft for the essay assignment; and putting more stress on the
importance of class participation. Prospective students should know this is a rigorously reading-intensive
course.
AS.190.210.01-02
The American Congress
Daniel Schlozman
Overall quality of the course: 3.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the sections that were helpful and informative; the frequent
exams allowed students the opportunity to improve grades, and the instructor's enthusiasm for the
subject helped with student morale. One student felt the instructor's lectures were difficult to
understand and that he drowned-out the insightful comments he tried to make with complicated
tangents. Students also felt their essays were graded excessively hard. Suggestions included fewer
readings, more discussions, spacing out the assignments, more direction on essay prompts, and a
230
POLITICAL SCIENCE
clearer, more explicit presentation of lecture material. Prospective students should brush up on their
American politics before walking into this course and be prepared to do a lot of reading and writing.
AS.190.226.01
Global Governance
Bentley Allan
Overall quality of the course: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's dynamic lecturing style, the intriguing material,
and the objective way diverse/conflicting theoretical perspectives were introduced to the class. One
student felt that, at times, the discussions were unfocused and unstructured. Another student felt the
weight of participation was heavier than most classes. Suggestions included providing students with a
short summary of what was discussed and covered in class; also, more clarification in regards to the
instructor's grading rubric and more feedback on the daily reflections. Prospective students should know
that participation, a midterm, a final exam, and a short paper constitutes one's grade in this class.
AS.190.265.01-03
Comparative Political Behavior
Richard Katz
Overall quality of the course: 2.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the midterm grading curve and the stimulating material. One
student felt the material introduced in class was extremely Eurocentric. Other students felt the
instructor tested students on arbitrary bits of information and that, overall, the amount of reading
required was excessive. Suggestions included diversifying the course content, increasing the number of
possible grades, and providing students with practice exams. Prospective students should know that this
course is extremely reading-intensive.
AS.190.280.01-04
Political Persuasion (Classics of Political Thought I)
Jane Bennett
Overall quality of the course: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging, informative lectures; the interesting, thought-
provoking choice of material, and the helpful section sessions. A few students felt the grading on the
exams was excessively stringent, and that the rubric was not made clear. Students also mentioned that,
on occasion, class would unexpectedly start five minutes early, resulting in a few students missing out
on important concepts and notes. Suggestions included more focus on classics such as Plato's Republic;
also, allowing students to complete the assessments at home and putting more weight on student
participation. Prospective students should know that political theory is much different than standard
political science and is very reading-intensive.
231
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.190.301.02
Global Political Economy
Renee Marlin-Bennett
Overall quality of the course: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included learning the practical applicability of the material, the variety of
topics covered, and the instructor's willingness to provide extra feedback to students. One student felt
that the lectures were often unfocused. Another student felt that the assigned texts were confusing and
poorly-worded. Suggestions included streamlining the final paper writing process and to provide clear
and concise expectations for the research paper. Prospective students should know that this course
assumes some background in economics and political science, while also being reading and writing-
intensive.
AS.190.323.01
Introduction to International Law
Siba Grovogui
Overall quality of the course: 4.08
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.190.329.01
Nat Security-Nuclear Age
Steven David
Overall quality of the course: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing class discussions, the instructor's thorough
explanations regarding national security and nuclear threats, and the engaging manner with which the
instructor lectured. One student felt that, at times, the required readings weren't relevant to the class
lectures. Another student felt that he/she would have benefitted from more in-class discussions.
Suggestions included incorporating review sessions in the future and encouraging more discourse
between students. Prospective students should know that attending all lectures is crucial in regards to
receiving a good grade, and that participation is pertinent to one's success.
AS.190.330.01
Japanese Politics
Erin Chung
Overall quality of the course: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the research projects, the instructor's knowledge and
enthusiasm for the subject, and the well-organized lectures. Some students felt the amount of required
reading was excessive. One suggestion included decreasing the amount of required readings. Another
232
POLITICAL SCIENCE
suggestion was to incorporate a session devoted to the discussion of Japanese culture and its impact on
Japanese politics. Prospective students should know that this is a reading-intensive course.
AS.190.354.01
Politics of Health Policy
Phillip Longman
Overall quality of the course: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the practical, real-life analysis of the health care system presented,
not just an academic overview. Also, students appreciated the instructor's expansive and well-presented
knowledge of the course content. Some students felt as though the instructor didn't refer to the
readings enough during lectures and often didn't give students feedback on their progress/class
assignments. Suggestions included presenting the material with less of a subjective framework and
providing students with more guidance on the policy brief. Prospective students should know this is
both a reading and writing-intensive course.
AS.190.368.01
Pluralism
Samuel Chambers
Overall quality of the course: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.190.395.01
Crime and Society
Benjamin Ginsberg
Overall quality of the course: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing material covered, the instructor's enthusiasm for
the course content, and the straightforward syllabus. Some students felt that their peers were not
pressed to participate enough. One student suggested making class participation mandatory. Another
student suggested implementing time limitations on student presentations. Prospective students should
know their course grade is based off of one presentation and one paper.
AS.190.396.01
Capitalism and Ecology
William Connolly
Overall quality of the course: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to read varied materials on the subject; the
instructor was also articulate and he facilitated class discussions with an engaging demeanor. Some
233
POLITICAL SCIENCE
students felt that they didn't receive enough critical feedback on their work. One suggestion included
clarifying the expected format on the papers. Another student suggested changing the layout of the
class presentations rather than having students read verbatim from their papers. Prospective students
should know that previous coursework in political theory required; also, the reading is complex and
dense for this course.
AS.190.406.01
The Executive Branch
Benjamin Ginsberg
Overall quality of the course: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the vast array of relevant topics covered, the instructor's
knowledge of and enthusiasm for the content, and the relevant readings that were assigned. One
student felt that many of his/her peers didn't do the required work and were not penalized for it.
Another student felt that he/she didn't receive proper feedback from the instructor on assignments.
Suggestions included clarifying expectations on projects and the grading policy; providing students with
more opportunities to raise their grade. Prospective students should know that though the coursework
is, overall, considerably light, their grades are reliant upon one paper and one presentation.
AS.190.413.01; 03-04; 09-10
Global Security Politics
Daniel Deudney
Overall quality of the course: 4.59
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the reading selections, the instructor's expertise on the course
content and his engaging lectures. One student felt the instructor was often disorganized. Another
student complained that the instructor went over class time five-to-ten minutes every week and this
was troublesome for students with consecutive courses. A common suggestion was to condense and
organize the lectures. Prospective students should know that as long as one does all the required
readings and takes good notes, he/she should do well in the course.
AS.190.424.01
Policy Disasters
Steven Teles
Overall quality of the course: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures, the instructor's knowledge of the course
content, and his presentation of the material. Some students found the workload and the rapidity at
which the instructor delivered the material excessive and difficult to manage; that alongside the
readings, it was very difficult to complete and turn in the required papers while, also, keeping up with
the pace. One suggestion was for the instructor to clarify the material covered on the final before it's
administered so that students can adequately review. Another suggestion included lightening the
234
POLITICAL SCIENCE
intensity of the workload. Prospective students should know that this course is both reading and writing-
intensive.
AS.190.479.01
Imag(in)ing Cities
Lester Spence
Overall quality of the course: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the unique, theoretical approach to the cities, the incorporation
of both academic texts and mainstream films, and the thought-provoking in-class discussions. One
student felt that the instructor didn't provide him/her with enough feedback. Another student felt that
the requirements for the assignments were often vague and difficult to understand. Suggestions
included integrating seminar-style seating at the beginning of the semester and to spread out the
assignments through the semester. Prospective students are encouraged to stay in communication with
the instructor regarding assignments throughout the semester; also, it's a writing-intensive course.
AS.190.499.01
Senior Thesis: Ir/Pol Sci
Overall quality of the course: 4.78
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the experience students obtained in performing research and
writing; the instructor, who was both supportive of and helpful to the students; and the opportunity for
students to write on a relevant subject of his/her choice. One student felt that he/she was "in the dark"
about certain things, particularly the guidelines regarding Hopkins honor theses. Another student felt
that the class was a huge time commitment. Suggestions included providing an easy-to-access
document that has accurate and up-to-date information about writing a thesis for political science; also,
incorporating presentation opportunities and meetings with fellow students. Prospective students
should know that this is their research project and it's expected to be completed independently; that it's
crucial to have a research idea/topic in mind and to be prepared to commit a large amount of time to
studying it.
AS.191.304.01
US-Cuba Decision Making
Wayne Smith
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting course material and the professor, whose
lectures were engaging and thought-provoking. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy
class periods, the hefty reading assignments that often didn't tie well into the subject, and the lack of
graded assignments throughout the semester. The professor occasionally went off topic and also had
difficulty hearing students. The course would improve if the students had more assignments during the
course of the semester as opposed to one single assignment. Prospective students should expect to
235
POLITICAL SCIENCE
learn lots of interesting history regarding US-Cuba relations and should also be aware that their grades
are based on one final.
AS.191.307.01
Ecologies of the Good Life: Politics for a More than Human World
Anatoli Ignatov
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the insightful lectures, delightful reading assignments, and the well
thought out mixture of materials presented to teach students the subject. The use of films, books, and
other media sources made the course very enjoyable for students. The worst aspects of the course were
the occasionally dense readings and extensive lectures. The course would improve if there was more
discussion as opposed to lectures. Prospective students should expect a great class with an amazing
professor that they'll enjoy tremendously as long as they participate in the discussions.
AS.191.313.01
The Worlds of Globalization
Isaac Kamola
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the open class discussions and the dynamic professor whose
personality brought some life to the class. The worst aspects of the course were the vague and
confusing essay assignment topics, as well as the professor's apparent bias while discussing some
subjects. The class period was long, some of the readings were unapproachable, and the professor often
dominated many of the discussions. The course would improve if there was more class participation and
a better structuring of the assignments. Prospective students should be prepared to participate and do
lots of weekly reading assignments in this class.
AS.191.326.01
Sex, Gender and War
Lauren Wilcox
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fascinating course material, relevant readings, and the
enthusiastic professor. There were a lot of interesting topics discussed in class and students were
enlightened about certain aspects of international relations that they were not aware of. The worst
aspects of the course were the dull discussions due to lack of participation from students, as well as the
repetitive readings and lectures. The course would improve if there were more group discussions, less
repetitive lectures, and more balanced readings. Prospective students should expect to do lots of
reading in this fulfilling course on international relations that focuses on Sex, Gender and War.
AS.191.332.01
236
POLITICAL SCIENCE
Civilians in the Path of War
Max Abrahms
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the open class discussions, helpful professor, and compelling
material. The worst aspects of the course were the heavy reading assignments and lack of feedback.
Students didn't know how they were doing in the class and hardly received feedback from the professor.
The course would improve if there was less reading and if the students had feedback on their grades.
Prospective students should be sure to do the readings so that they will not fall behind, and will be able
to participate in the discussions.
AS.191.347.01
U.S.-Chinese Relations
Pak Yue Leon
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting reading materials, informative group
presentations, and intelligent professor. The worst aspects of the course included the dull lectures and
occasionally hard to follow content. Students felt like the class went at a slow pace and noted that much
of the material was uninspiring. The course would improve if it were more focused on the theories and
contemporary issues at hand, with more lecturing and less of student participation. Prospective
students should expect to learn some relevant and interesting material in this light-weight political
science course.
AS.191.348.01
Domestic Politics of Contemporary China
Pak Yue Leon
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.367.01
US Environmental Policy
Jake Greear
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting subjects discussed, and the helpful professor. The
professor provided helpful feedback on student assignments and was really invested in all the students.
The worst aspects of the course included the incessant weekly blog posts, heavy readings, and
occasionally off-balanced discussions. The course would improve if the class were perhaps smaller to
237
POLITICAL SCIENCE
facilitate better discussions. Prospective students should be prepared to do lots of weekly writing,
reading, and discussing, in this fairly light course.
AS.191.392.01
Ancient and Medieval Political Philosophy
Stuart Gray
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the well-presented information, insightful discussions, and the
interesting readings. The professor was really passionate about the subject and was able to engage the
students effectively in the course content. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy and
seemingly repetitive readings. The course would improve if the reading assignments were lighter and if
there was an equal amount of time spent on teaching all the subjects. Prospective students should
expect to participate in lots of class discussions in this relatively interesting course.
AS.191.395.01
Law and Religion
Jesse Merriam
Overall quality of the class: 4.72
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting dynamics of the subject itself. Students enjoyed
learning about U.S constitutional law and other legal concepts through a very engaging and clear
professor. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy and occasionally dense readings, as well
as the expensive textbook assigned to the class. The course would improve if the grading system were
changed to not heavily weigh the final as 50% of the grade. Prospective students should enjoy this
course as long as they stay on top of the readings and engage themselves in all class sessions.
AS.191.396.01
Politics of South Asia
Soundarya Chidambaram
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the professor, the interesting material, and engaging discussions.
The worst aspects of the course were the hefty reading assignments and occasional lack of organization.
Students would have liked to have more discussions as the professor tended to do a lot more lecturing
at times. The course would also improve if students had shorter readings and longer paper assignments
to be able to go more in-depth into the subjects. Prospective students should expect to do a substantial
amount of weekly reading and response writing. They should also have some previous knowledge of
South Asia before taking the course so that they will not struggle.
238
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.661.110.02
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Nora Frenkiel
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small and relaxing class atmosphere, and the passionate
professor who was very experienced in the field. The worst aspects of the course included the vague
reading assignments and unclear class guidelines. Students also felt like class time wasn't always used
effectively. The course would improve if the class was more structured with better guidelines.
Prospective students should expect to do a substantial amount of writing and group work in this
relatively fun course.
EN.661.110.03
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size and the feedback students always received
on their work. The worst aspect of the course was the heavy focus on sentence diagramming. Students
also felt like there was a lot of work for this course and that the expectations were somewhat high. The
course would improve if there were less sentence diagramming exercises and more interactive
exercises. Prospective students should know that the course is writing intensive, but will help them with
some skills that are transferable to the work force.
EN.661.110.04
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Christopher Thacker
Overall quality of the class: 2.14
239
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor's overall enthusiasm for the class and the healthy
feedback he always provided to students. The worst aspects of the course included the professor's lack
of structure, as well as the unclear assignment guidelines. The students felt that the course focused too
much on business and financial analysis, and not enough on professional communication itself. The
course would improve if there was variety in the assignments and a better class structure with clearly
defined assignment rubrics. Prospective students should know that this course is more geared towards
financial and business writing than professional communications, but it involves a significant amount of
work.
EN.661.110.05
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Caroline Wilkins
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the writing workshops, useful peer feedback, and laid back class
setting where lots of discussions were facilitated. Many of the students felt that their writing skills really
improved by taking this course. The worst aspects of the course included the late feedback students
received on assignments and the overload of assignments all around the same time. Many students also
expressed dissatisfaction with the fact that there was little to no business writing even though that was
supposed to be a major part of the course. The course would improve if there was more focus on the
business and professional communication aspects. Prospective students should be prepared for lots of
writing in this effective professional communications course.
EN.661.110.06
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the passionate professor, interesting weekly assignments, and
effective communication lessons. The worst aspects of the course included the dull lectures and the
ambiguous grading system. The students felt like the lectures lacked content and were just summaries
of the readings that students were assigned. The course would improve if there were more group
assignments and interactive class sessions. It would also improve if the presentation and lectures notes
were posted online. Prospective students should know that the course is writing intensive and will help
them improve on skills such as resume writing.
EN.661.110.07-08
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Benjamin Parris
Overall quality of the class: 3.39
240
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the fun projects and the useful lessons on professional
communications and resume writing. The professor taught the class effectively and provided lots of
helpful feedback to students. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class time and the
harsh grading structure. The professor was strict and somewhat unapproachable to students. The course
would improve if the assignments were more creative and if there was more time to go over the
projects in class with the professor. Prospective students should spend lots of time with their
assignments because the class is writing intensive.
EN.661.111.01
Professional Communication for ESL Students
Laura Davis
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.150.01-02
Oral Presentations
Kevin Dungey
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the engaging and enthusiastic professor. The class was interactive and
students learned invaluable skills through the lessons and the helpful feedback that was provided. The
worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class time and the lack of timely feedback on
assignments. The course would improve if students had more time to prepare for their presentations,
and if the class was equipped with better recording equipment. Prospective students should be
prepared to spend lots of time practicing in order to improve on their public speaking and presentation
skills.
EN.661.150.03
Oral Presentations
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of this course: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.150.04
Oral Presentations
Jason Heiserman
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
241
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
The best aspects of this course included the peer evaluations and the informative feedback students
received on their oral presentation skills. The worst aspects of the course included the class length and
the insufficient amount of time available for actual lectures. The course would improve if students had
lessons on how to create PowerPoint slides. It would also be helpful if students were updated on their
grades from time to time. Prospective students should know that the course will help them become
better public speakers.
EN.661.150.05
Oral Presentations
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the helpful communication techniques, and the professor,
whose helpful feedback taught students some invaluable presenting skills. The worst aspect of the
course was the insufficient number of chances available to have the professor review presentations
beforehand. Also, the presentations took lots of time to prepare and practice. The course would
improve if there was more time available for feedback post-presentations. Prospective students should
expect to see some tremendous improvement in their speaking skills throughout this course.
EN.661.150.06
Oral Presentations
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the small class size, weekly class presentations, and helpful
feedback. The weekly presentations helped students to improve on their speaking skills. The worst
aspects of the course included the lengthy class time and substantial amount of work that came with the
class. The course would improve if there were more lessons and discussions about presentations from
the professor. Prospective students should know that this course involves weekly presentations and to
get a good grade, they should be prepared to spend lots of time practicing oral speaking.
EN.661.150.07-08
Oral Presentations
Andrew Kulanko
Overall quality of the class: 4.76
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the oral presentations on topics that students chose
themselves, as well as the helpful feedback which helped students improve on their speaking skills. The
students got to have a substantial amount of speaking practice in the class and many felt that it helped
them overcome their fear of public speaking. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy
workload and reading assignments. Students also felt that the quizzes were tricky and somewhat
deceptive. The course would improve if the readings were lessened and spread throughout the
242
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
semester. Prospective students should expect a fun and practical course in which they will be sure to
improve their speaking skills.
EN.661.170.01
Visual Rhetoric
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the Adobe Creative Suite lessons. The student projects were
interesting and the class really taught students some useful programs and valuable skills. The worst
aspects of the course included the hefty assignments and workshop sessions that occasionally ran over
time. The course would improve if the time allotted for critiques were reduced and equal for all
students. Prospective students should expect a fun and interesting class where they will learn some
skills that will be very useful in the future.
EN.661.315.02
The Culture of the Engineering Profession
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fun class discussions, presentations, and interesting reading
assignments. The professor was very engaging and students really enjoyed the learning aspects of the
course. The worst aspects of the course included the hefty writing assignments, the group project, and
the influx of assignments given to students towards the end of the semester. The course would improve
if it were a bit more structured and if students had more feedback and clarification on assignments.
Prospective students should expect lots of writing and reading in this fairly challenging but interesting
communications course.
EN.661.317.01
The Culture of the Medical Profession
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging class discussions, wide range of health care topics
covered, and the array of guest speakers. The instructor did a great job of relaying the information and
showed a genuine concern in helping the students learn the material. The worst aspects of the course
included the heavy workload with lots of group projects, writing assignments, and coursework outside
of class. The course would improve if there were more activities and lecture materials in class as
opposed to just lengthy lectures and one-sided discussions. Prospective students should be prepared for
an exciting class with lots of lessons on healthcare.
EN.661.454.01
243
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
Blogging, Editing and Copywriting
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the wide range of topics covered, and the blog project. The
students got to create and maintain a blog on the topic of their choice, making it a very fun experience
for them. The worst aspects of the course included heavy reading, an arbitrary grading structure, and an
influx of assignments. The course would improve if the blog posts were more interactive with feedback
from students and professors. The course would also improve if the assignments were better explained
and if the grading system was restructured. Prospective students should be prepared to stay on top of
their blog posts so they won't get behind.
EN.661.610.01
Research Writing for ESL
Denise Link-Farajali
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.613.01
Professional Communication for ESL: Financial Math
Denise Link-Farajali
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.687.01
Advanced Communication Skills for Science and Engineering
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.710.01
Dissertation Writing Workshop
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the guest speakers, panel discussions, and useful lessons on
dissertation writing. The course topic covered lots of issues that were particular to graduate students.
The worst aspect of the course was the lack of attendance during periods of the semester. The course
244
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION
would improve if there were perhaps writing workshops and in-class exercises. Prospective students
should know that the course covers not only dissertation writing, but other topics that all graduate
students will find useful.
EN.661.712.01
Continuing Dissertation Writing Workshop
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
245
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.200.101.01
Intro to Psychology
Peter Holland
Overall quality of the course: 3.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the wide range of intriguing material, the engaging manner with
which the instructor lectured, the slides and videos shown as supplemental matter to the text, the pace
at which the students were encouraged to learn, and the option to drop one's lowest midterm score.
Some students felt it was unfair or unduly difficult to allow only the exams to count toward their total
grades; also, students felt the exams were designed to be almost too challenging to pass; students felt
the instructors should implement a grading curve and that some of the required readings were
unnecessary. One suggestion was to provide students with smaller, focused, and more frequently-
administered tests so that students can secure a reasonable grade. Another suggestion included more
rigorous review sessions for the tests. Prospective students are encouraged to attend class and study
often as the tests can be difficult.
AS.200.110.01
Introduction to Cognitive Psychology
Jonathan Flombaum
Overall quality of the course: 4.41
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material taken from contemporary research, the
lecture recordings made available online, the approachability of the instructor and the instructor's
enthusiastic and informative presentation of the material. One student felt that the required readings
were so dense that even with the weekly quizzes, it was easy to fall behind. Some students felt that the
exams, particularly the wording of questions, were needlessly confusing. Suggestions included adding
short essay questions into the tests and incorporating more interactivity with the students. Prospective
student should be prepared for large reading assignments and should study early and often for the class
exams.
246
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
AS.200.133.01
Intro to Social Psychology
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the thorough presentation of the material, the instructor's
energy and teaching style, and the lessons on psychological theories. Some students felt that the exams
relied too much on memorization, the size of the class was too large, questions on the exams were
sometimes vague, and that there was no grading scale or specified requirements for the essay
assignment. One suggestion included implementing a clicker-based attendance policy. Other suggestions
included employing practice problems, adding more class-discussions into the mix, making the slides
available online, and wording the exams to make the questions less ambiguous. Prospective students
should know that it's imperative to attend every lecture, study regularly and rigorously for the exams,
and make use of the extra credit assignments available.
AS.200.141.01
Foundations of Brain, Behavior and Cognition
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the course: 4.52
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the "open-note" exams, the instructor's enthusiasm for the
material, the thought-provoking and motivating lectures, and the podcasts made available on
Blackboard. Some students felt that the instructor rushed through the subjects too fast in order to cover
everything. Students also felt the exams focused on different material than what was covered in class.
Suggestions included providing more detailed PowerPoint slides, reducing the reliance upon notes
during the course, posting grades on Blackboard, adding an optional weekly section, and a more
comprehensive view of the course material. Prospective students should be prepared to take lots of
lecture notes during class and though the exams are "open-note", rigorous studying is still suggested.
AS.200.161.01
Illusions, delusions, and other confusions
Howard Egeth
Overall quality of the course: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting topics explored, the engaging and interactive
lectures, and the assigned text which was a relevant, intriguing read. One student felt the instructor had
a difficult time relating to the students and motivating them to read the material assigned. Another
student felt the lectures seemed to repeat themselves. Suggestions included incorporating more in-class
discussions and providing students with a syllabus. Prospective students should know that the readings
can be time-consuming and technical.
247
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
AS.200.204.01-02
Human Sexuality
Chris Kraft
Overall quality of the course: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class-size, the discussion-based format, the intriguing
material, and the enthusiastic instructor. Some students felt that the instructor thematically covered
material with too much generalization. Students also felt that the instructor could've provided more
feedback. Suggestions included having the instructor monitor the TA's grading practices more rigorously
and bringing some of the subject material into more focus. Prospective students should know this is a
very popular class, so early registration is key. Also, they need to be prepared to write a lengthy paper
during the course of the semester.
AS.200.208.01
Animal Behavior
Gregory Ball, Farrah Madison
Overall quality of the course: 4.01
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the reasonable exams, the interesting material, and the
engaging lectures. Some students felt that the PowerPoint slides were confusing and/or disorganized.
Students also felt the exams were too reliant on memorization. Suggestions included incorporating
structured review sessions, and either integrating smaller, streamlined exams, or narrowing the wide
array of material addressed in the large exams. Prospective students are encouraged to keep up or stay
ahead of the assigned readings for this course.
AS.200.211.01
Sensation & Perception
Steven Yantis
Overall quality of the course: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the three instructors who individually provided varied
perspectives on the course material. Also, students enjoyed the subject matter and the in-depth lectures
delivered in class. One student felt the lack of assignments kept him/her from maintaining due focus on
the material. Another student felt the lectures disproportionately focused on vision and hearing.
Suggestions included recording the lectures and incorporating homework into the semester. Prospective
students are encouraged to read the textbook and to study hard and often for the exams.
AS.200.301.01
History of Psychology
Paul Hofer
248
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
Overall quality of the course: 3.37
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the group participation and the option for students to submit
their own opinion. Students also appreciated the instructor's genuine enthusiasm for the subject
matter, the final grade being based on weekly quizzes and participation, and the intriguing course
content. Some students felt that the syllabus wasn't properly followed and this made things confusing.
Other students felt the quizzes were designed to be intentionally tricky and were challenging.
Prospective students should know that the reading for this course can, at times, be dense and that's it's
important to contribute to the class discussions.
AS.200.304.01
Neuroscience of Decision Making
Veit Stuphorn
Overall quality of the course: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the weekly quizzes in lieu of exams; the interesting lecture
matter; and the manner in which the instructor engaged the students in discussions. Some students felt
uninformed on their progress throughout the semester. Some students also felt that class time was too
unstructured. Suggestions included incorporating even more student-lead discussions and utilizing some
kind of textbook. Prospective students should know that the material is challenging to understand at
times, but difficult concepts are made much clearer with participation and attendance.
AS.200.306.01
Psychology in the Workplace
Heather Roberts Fox
Overall quality of the course: 3.78
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the students' opportunity to choose jobs and explore them
through the application process; the weekly assignments helped students keep up with the material;
and the instructor's lecturing structure. One student felt that, toward the end of the semester, too many
assignments were due at the same time. Another student felt that the instructor didn't motivate
students to contribute to class discussions enough. Suggestions for improvement included applying
more intellectual pressure onto the students and encouraging more student participation. Prospective
students should know there are weekly assignments, a 10-page paper on a subject of your choice, and a
group presentation.
AS.200.317.01
Interpersonal Relations
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of the course: 4.26
Summary:
249
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
The best aspects of this course included the discussion section that was relaxed yet informative; the
small group meetings on Wednesdays; and that the readings and lectures corresponded appropriately
throughout the semester. Some students felt that the instructor wasn't open to student
questions/commentary. Students also felt the participation grade percentage was unfair since they
didn't always have the opportunity to contribute in discussions. Suggestions included devoting some
class time on Mondays to group discussion and incorporating one more paper/activity into the
semester. Prospective students should make sure to participate as much as possible in this course and
to get a head start on the research paper.
AS.200.325.01
Law Psych: Clinical Application
Lawrence Raifman
Overall quality of the course: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's presentation of the material in an engaging,
motivating manner; the instructor's encouragement toward student participation; the interesting
material covered; and the accessibility of the subject matter since prior knowledge of law is not a
prerequisite for the course. Some students felt that not enough feedback on assignments was returned.
One student felt that the instructor's sarcasm made participating in the class difficult. Suggestions
included providing students with a guideline of what to study for the exams and to utilize PowerPoint
slides during lectures. Prospective students should know that the participation is very important in this
class and the instructor will call on students at random.
AS.200.328.01
Thry-Mthds/Clinical Psyc
David Edwin
Overall quality of the course: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the assignments that were intriguing and thought-provoking;
the instructor's genuine interest in helping the students; and the option that students could submit their
drafts ahead of time. Some students felt the entire grade being based on three papers (one worth 50%)
made it very difficult for students to improve their grade if they make a mistake on one of the
assignments. One suggestion was to grant students access to the slides after each lecture. Another
suggestion was to split the class time in half, making it twice a week. Prospective students are
encouraged to hand in their rough drafts and to start their papers early in the semester.
AS.200.343.01
Motivation
Herbert Petri
Overall quality of the course: 4.23
Summary:
250
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
The best aspects of this course included the lectures that followed the textbook well; the material that
was clearly presented; the small class size; and that the instructor was well-organized. Some students
felt the lectures often were so long that they were difficult to attend. One suggestion was to encourage
more interactivity between students. Another suggestion was to provide guidelines for the review paper
due at the end of the semester. Prospective students should know it's a rewarding class as long as one
puts in the required effort to succeed.
AS.200.361.01
Tests & Measurements
Heather Roberts Fox
Overall quality of the course: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size that made for a comfortable learning
environment; the instructor/TA team was very effective and they worked nicely alongside each other;
the guest speakers provided invaluable information; and the enthusiasm with which the instructor
lectured was greatly appreciated by the students. Some students felt the midterm, being the only exam
in the semester, put an excessive amount of pressure on them. One suggestion included ordaining
stricter consequences for students who do not show up to class or do not present. Another suggestion
was for the instructor to provide clearer guidance for the final project. Prospective students should
know that this class requires a lot of interaction with peers and it is also reading-intensive.
AS.200.368.01
Altered States of Consciousness
Richard Allen
Overall quality of the course: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lectures from a world-renowned expert in the
field of sleep studies; the intriguing material covered; and the class seemed to some students as though
it was structurally designed to help them comprehend as much as possible. Some students felt the
exams were poorly worded, making the questions difficult to understand. Students also felt the lecture
material was often disjointed and unorganized. Suggestions included incorporating class review sessions
before the exams and allowing more practice on EEGs. Prospective students should know that this
course is not an "easy A."
AS.200.372.01
Psychology of Aging
Michela Gallagher
Overall quality of the course: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the four papers required throughout the semester and that they
actually aided in students' comprehension of the material; the lectures were progressive and relevant
from class to class; and the instructor was helpful when giving students feedback. One student felt that
251
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES
a couple of the guest lecturers were difficult to follow. Another student felt that parts of the course
skimmed over important neuroscience material too quickly. Suggestions included allowing students the
occasional possibility to debate and having the instructor provide some sort of base  notes, slides, etc.
 on which the students could build their lecture notes. Prospective students should know that the
course is reading and writing-intensive.
252
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.280.101.01
Introduction to Public Health
Miriam Alexander
Overall quality of the class: 3.49
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the fun lab sessions, blog posts, guest lecturers, and the subject
of public health. The worst aspects of the course were the unengaging and repetitive lectures, weekly
blog posts that were due on weekends, and unrelated class assignments. The presence of new and
different weekly lectures made it hard for students to identify the most important topics to study for
their exams. The course would improve if the lectures were more engaging and discussion based. It
would also help if the blog assignments were reduced and if there were more labs. Prospective students
should be ready to do lots of writing and interesting labs in this course that serves as a good
introduction to the Public Health industry.
AS.280.120.01-04
Lectures on Public Health and Wellbeing in Baltimore
Philip Leaf
Overall quality of the class: 3.66
Summary:
The best aspects of the class were the guest speakers and the relaxed atmosphere in which students
learned about current issues affecting the Baltimore community. The worst aspects of the course were
the not so engaging lectures, large class size, and disruptive students who often didn't pay attention to
speakers. Also, there were times where many of the speakers would go over class time. The course
would improve if there were more class restrictions and incentives to ensure students paid attention
and listened to the lecturers. Prospective students should expect an easy, laidback course that involves
lots of guest lecturers and listening.
AS.280.121.01
Chemical Karma: From Pollution to Disease
253
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
Matthew Gribble
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the systematic review lessons, guest speakers, and class
discussions. The worst aspects of the course were the dull class sessions and lectures. Most students
were often not paying attention in class and there was lack of clarity in many of the assignments as well.
The course would improve if there were more activities and assignments created to keep students
engaged in class. Prospective students should know that they will learn how to write systematic reviews
and will learn so many other things about epidemiology through lots of guest lecturers.
AS.280.217.01
Youth Bullying, Aggression, and Public Health
Jeffrey Duong
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the topics discussed in class, detailed feedback students received
on their assignments, and the professor. The professor was very passionate about the subject he was
teaching and was able to incite interest from the students and ensure they understood the course
material. The worst aspects of the course were the lack of organization and the deviation from the
syllabus, which often led to being behind in the course schedule for weeks at a time. The course would
improve if the classes were better paced, less focused on statistics, and more structured in terms of the
syllabus. Prospective students should expect to learn very unique topics in this class and as long they
attend lectures and keep up with the writing assignments, they will do well.
AS.280.304.01
Transforming Disease: HIV/AIDS and the Production of Chronic Illness
Morgan Philbin
Overall quality of the course: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussion-based format, the interactivity (guest speakers,
movies, Skype with a documentary director, etc.), and the thought-provoking material. Some students
felt the required amount of reading was excessive. One student felt there wasn't enough emphasis on
HIV. Suggestions included incorporating student presentations and beginning with the scientific
background of HIV/AIDS and a brief history of HIV in the form of timeline. Prospective students should
be prepared for a heavy amount of reading and that sometimes the group discussions involve
uncomfortable topics (sex, drugs, etc.)
AS.280.315.01
Nutrition: Concepts and Controversies
Zaynah Chowdhury, Barbara Ha, Jennifer Schrack
Overall quality of the course: 3.99
254
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included how the instructors introduced nutritional topics to current
controversies  right away the material was relevant and thought-provoking; also, the instructors
encouraged debate and covered lots of material in the semester without seeming rushed. Some
students felt the lectures and information that was presented each class was pedantic. Also, students
felt that the questions on the quizzes and tests were intentionally tricky. Suggestions included omitting
debate topics that were not controversial (i.e. BMI or vegetarian/non-vegetarian) and incorporating
clickers or discussion prompts. Prospective students should know that attendance is mandatory and the
biweekly quizzes are memorization-based.
AS.280.320.01
Seminar on Public Health and Wellbeing in Baltimore
Philip Leaf
Overall quality of the course: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging guest lecturers, the small group problem-solving
activities, and learning about the varied Baltimore-based initiatives and how they've improved city life in
myriad ways. Some students felt there was a lack of participation from their peers and that the
instructor was often unprepared. Suggestions included providing more structure for Thursday classes
and making it more interactive and discussion-based. Prospective students should know that
participation is crucial in this course, being worth about 50% of one's grade.
AS.280.340.01-07
Fundamentals of Health Policy & Management
Donald Steinwachs
Overall quality of the course: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the variety of lecturers, the assignments that were actually fun,
and learning about relevant material such as the Affordable Care Act and the prominent issues facing
the healthcare field; also, the instructor presented a lot of information without overwhelming the
students. Some students felt that the course lacked interaction. Also, students felt that the lectures
were often redundant and sometimes dry. Suggestions included potentially incorporating different
media into the lectures, posting students' grades on Blackboard, clarifying the questions on the exams,
and allowing students to take notes during the lecture as opposed to after. Prospective students should
go to class, pay attention, and look at the review slides for the exams.
AS.280.347.01
Health Data Analysis Practicum
Scott Zeger
Overall quality of the course: 5.00
Summary:
255
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
The best aspects of this course included learning things through analyzing real data sets, daily feedback
in class, and getting the opportunity to work in small groups. Some students felt like there was not
enough structure in class. Some students felt that they were not properly updated on their grades/
progress. Suggestions included more discussions on statistics, incorporating a more structured syllabus,
and having the class meet twice a week as opposed to once. Prospective students should know it's a
great introductory course to data analysis and that taking Biostats first is not mandatory, but it is
beneficial.
AS.280.350.01-05
Fundamentals of Epidemiology
Allyn Arnold, Darcy Phelan-Emrick
Overall quality of the course: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material, crib sheets for exams, the instructor
was interested in helping the students succeed, and the discussion exercises prepared students
sufficiently for exams. Some students felt the lectures were, at times, redundant and difficult to attend
to; the exams were tough to prepare for, and the grading system was too harsh. One suggestion was to
implement some sort of group project. Another suggestion was to shorten the discussion sessions.
Prospective students should know that the text and crib sheets are very helpful when studying; also, the
class is reading-intensive.
AS.280.360.01
Clinical & Public Health Behavior Change
Lawrence Cheskin, Joseph Fu, Jessica Gergen, Elisa Pehlke
Overall quality of the course: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the diversity of lecturers, the manageable workload, the insight
into real public health initiatives, and the interesting material. One student felt that because the course
was lecture-based, without a textbook, it sometimes lacked foundation. Some students felt the
instructor lectured too quietly. Suggestions included providing comprehensive content outlines before
exams and incorporating more opportunities for students to improve their grades. Prospective students
should know that this course is reading-intensive.
AS.280.375.01
Cultural Factors of P.H.
Sarah Khasawinah, Thomas Laveist
Overall quality of the course: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the guest lecturers, the class discussions, the instructors' consistent
use of Blackboard, and how the course was divided into five different modules. Some students felt the
test questions were vague or confusingly worded, and the discussions were often unproductive.
Suggestions included opportunities to write papers and providing students with clear expectations on
256
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
tests and quizzes. Prospective students should be prepared to read a great deal and to brush up on their
writing skills.
AS.280.401.01
Alcohol, Media & Health
Samantha Cukier
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the class discussions and the guest lecturers. The class was very
engaging and the professor created a comfortable atmosphere in which students could discuss really
interesting topics. The worst aspect of the class was the lengthy meeting time. The course would
improve if it were broken up into two weekly meetings times instead of one. Prospective students
should be prepared to participate in class.
AS.280.402.01
HIV, Behavior and Society
Christina Sun
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the guest speakers, wide range of topics covered, and the
professor. The professor taught the class well and selected good speakers to effectively relay the
content to students. The worst aspects of the course were the weekly papers and reading assignments
which many students felt was busy work. The course would improve if the lectures were more informal
and if there were fewer group discussions because students found them very ineffective. Prospective
students should expect to learn about specific public health topics like HIV in this relatively interesting
course.
AS.280.403.01
Introduction to Intimate Partner Violence and Public Health
Amber Robinson
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the class discussions, guest lecturers, and engaging professor. The
professor was very efficient in teaching the subject, gave meaningful feedback and was always very
accessible to students. The worst aspect of the course was the repetitive and lengthy paper
assignments. The course would improve if there were different varieties of assignments given
throughout the semester as opposed to papers. Prospective students should be prepared to write four
papers during the semester and should engage themselves in the class discussions and lectures to fully
appreciate this very enjoyable course.
AS.280.404.01
Immunity and Infectious Diseases of Public Health Importance
257
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES
John Craig
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the organized class structure in which the topics were covered
effectively. The slides were helpful and the quizzes were fairly matched with the lessons taught in class.
The professor did an excellent job covering topics and ensuring students really understood the concepts.
The worst aspects of the course were the quiz questions which were almost always based on key terms
and not actual concepts. The course would improve if there were more class discussions and quizzes
which were less focused on terms, and more focused on the concepts. Prospective students should
expect to get a basic introduction to the field of immunology in this very informative Public Health
course.
AS.280.405.01
Public Health and Human Rights
William Davis
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the guest lecturers, readings, and interesting topics covered. The
worst aspects of the course were the hefty readings and un-engaging class sessions. There were not
enough discussions facilitated, which could have made the lectures more interesting. The course would
improve if there were more class discussions and activities like case studies to get the students more
interested. Prospective students should know that the class offers lots of new and interesting
perspectives in the public health field, and is worthwhile to take as the workload is light.
AS.280.499.01
Honors in Public Health
Kelly Gebo, Jennifer Schrack
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
258
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
SOCIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.230.101.01-08
Intro Sociology
Andrew Cherlin, Stephen Plank
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the engaging lectures, the professor, and the interesting material.
The worst aspects of the course were the hefty reading assignments, ineffective section meetings, and
occasionally disorganized lectures. The course would improve if there were more exam study guides and
assignments for students to boost grades. It would also improve if the TA section meetings were more
effective, engaging, and inclusive of guiding questions. Prospective students should know that it is
essential they do all the readings and attend all the lectures because the professor goes over vital
information in class.
AS.230.150.01-02
Issues in International Development
Rina Agarwala
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the engaging and organized lectures. The professor and the teaching
assistant were both passionate and able to convey the subject very well. The worst aspects of the course
were the hefty weekly reading assignments and the somewhat harsh grading system. The course would
improve if the readings were lessened and if there was more class time broken up into different days of
the week. Prospective students should be prepared to do all the readings and engage themselves in
some challenging material.
AS.230.202.01
Research Methods for the Social Sciences
Lingxin Hao
259
SOCIOLOGY
Overall quality of the class: 3.17
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the practical aspect of working on research and learning how to fully
carry it out. The professor was kind, encouraging, and very passionate about the topic of research. The
worst aspects of the course were the unclear assignment guidelines and the professor not always
effectively communicating the information and understanding student questions. The course would
improve if the research project was given earlier on in the semester and if there could be a teaching
assistant assigned to the class to help students better understand the material. Prospective students
should expect to do a substantial amount of homework, reading, and writing assignments.
AS.230.213.01
Social Theory
Joel Andreas
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject material, the passionate professor, and
the intriguing social theory readings. The worst aspects of the course were the heavy and difficult
readings, as well as the seemingly ineffective teaching assistant. The TA often came to class unprepared,
graded assignments harshly, and didn't seem to have views that aligned with that of the professor. The
course would improve if there were more in-class discussions and a more helpful teaching assistant.
Prospective students should know that this is a reading and writing intensive course with lots of
interesting topics to offer.
AS.230.228.01
Colonialism in Asia and Its Contested Legacies
Huei-Ying Kuo
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the informative readings and enthusiastic professor. The worst
aspects of the course were the dense and confusing readings, as well as the un-engaging lectures. The
students often had difficulty keeping up with the material and the lectures didn't seem to do a good job
of complementing the readings. The course would improve if the lectures were more engaging and less
repetitive. Prospective students should try not to fall behind on the readings as they are necessary and
helpful in doing the assignments.
AS.230.255.01
Men and Women in Society
Katrina McDonald
Overall quality of the class: 3.19
Summary:
260
SOCIOLOGY
The best aspects of the course were the interesting films, readings, and class discussions. The worst
aspects of the course included the lengthy final paper assignment, rushed PowerPoint slides, and the
class discussions led by the professor. The class was extremely disorganized and filled with unclear
guidelines and ever-changing assignment due dates. Also, the professor seemed to personalize many of
the discussions and almost always ended up veering off subject. The course would improve if the
syllabus was clearly defined, if the PowerPoint slides were made available post-lecture, and if the class
discussions were more focused. Prospective students should be prepared to discuss some interesting
topics and should put forth effort to get much out of the course.
AS.230.265.01-02
Research Tools and Technologies for the Social Sciences
Sahan Savas Karatasli
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the useful computer skills students learned. The worst aspect of the
course was the slow pace. There was an equal amount of time spent on both the difficult and easy
concepts which took away from the time that could have been spent on just the difficult concepts. The
course would improve if the pace of the class could go faster and if there was more time to spend on the
more difficult topics like STATA. Prospective students don't need to have previous experience to take
the course, and will learn about Excel, Access, and other software.
AS.230.316.01
African American Family
Katrina McDonald
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussion-based lectures, contemporary readings, and
intriguing concepts discussed in class. One student felt the final paper prompt was a little vague.
Another student felt the instructor was often disorganized. Suggestions included providing a rubric for
the end-of-semester term paper and adding in more opportunities for credit. Prospective students
should know that the course requires a lot of independent studying.
AS.230.322.01
Quantitative Research Practicum
Stephen Plank
Overall quality of the course: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.230.341.01-06
Medical Sociology
Emily Agree
261
SOCIOLOGY
Overall quality of the course: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the topics that were relevant to aspiring physicians, the easy to
follow lectures slides, and engaging discussion sections. Some students felt the lecture was difficult to
attend and that the exams and quiz questions were intentionally complicated. One suggestion was to
incorporate a public health perspective into the course. Another suggestion was to split the lectures into
separate days. Prospective students should know this is a lecture-intensive course.
AS.230.344.01
Health and Society in Contemporary China
Rachel Core
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material, informative readings, and the use of
supplemental videos. Some of the students felt the amount of required reading was excessive. One
suggestion was to promote a more interactive learning environment. Another suggestion was to omit
the group essay. Prospective students should know this is a reading-intensive class, but the assignments
are well-paced throughout the semester.
AS.230.346.01
Contemporary Economic Sociology of Latin America
Magda von der Heydt-Coca
Overall quality of the course: 4.22
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.230.356.01
Contemporary African Social Movements
Benjamin Scully
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.230.362.01
Migration & Development
Rina Agarwala, Lingxin Hao
Overall quality of the course: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures and the intriguing material that has not
been explored much in the field of research. Some students felt the instructors repeated lectures. One
suggestion was to focus more on how the two components of the course  Migration, Development 
262
SOCIOLOGY
correspond with one another. Another suggestion included requiring a certain degree of student
participation in discussions. Prospective students should know that former pupils found the course
content intriguing, but felt the workload was also very demanding.
AS.230.366.01
From Habeas Corpus to Eminent Domain : Urban Development and Urban Pl
Daniel Pasciuti
Overall quality of the course: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the thought-provoking, in-class discussions, and the seminar-
lecture style. One student felt there was too much focus on America. Another student felt there was not
enough feedback granted from the instructor. Suggestions included lightening the amount of required
reading and introducing the unit on Baltimore earlier in the semester. Prospective students should know
that the end-of-semester paper requires an early start and that the course load is reading-intensive.
263
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.225.300.01
Contemporary Theatre & Film
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting readings, lectures, and movies. The professor was
knowledgeable, enthusiastic, and was able to give very engaging lectures. The worst aspect of the
course was its level of disorganization with often unfocused lectures and discussions. Students also
received insufficient feedback about their work throughout the semester. The course would improve if it
were more organized with a clearer syllabus and provided better guidelines or feedback on assignments.
Prospective students should be sure to pay attention, do the readings, and participate in this very
enjoyable course.
AS.225.302.01-02
Acting & Directing Workshop II
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the acting exercises, final performances, and class feedback. The
professor was funny, insightful, and was always able to provide adequate feedback. The worst aspects of
the course were the incessant exercises and ineffective use of class time to do things like re-reading
passages. The course would improve if there was more time spent doing scenes and having discussions,
instead of doing endless exercises. Prospective students should be prepared to do less scene acting and
more listening/talking exercises.
AS.225.303.01
Acting or Directing Workshop III
264
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.308.01
Shakespeare in Performance
James Glossman
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the endless opportunities for students to practice their acting
and the very instructive teaching methods of an experienced professor. The professor encouraged
participation and was able to effectively guide each student with helpful tips. The worst aspects of the
course were the lengthy class meeting times and the professor's resilient tendencies with students in
trying to help them work harder in their acting. The course would improve if there were more lessons
and acting exercises to go over in class, instead of having students constantly present their own
individually practiced and unguided scenes. Prospective students should be prepared to put forth lots of
effort in order to make themselves better actors.
AS.225.310.01
Stagecraft
William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.323.01
Design for the Stage
William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor and the creative sets students got to design. The
professor was very knowledgeable and passionate about the course which allowed him to interact with
the students and assist them with fun stage design projects. The worst aspects of the course included
the lectures in which there seemed to be lots of incoherent discussions. The course would improve if
there was more time spent learning and creating the set designs so that the students could create
various sets throughout the semester and get ample feedback. Prospective students should be prepared
to draw and build actual stage sets.
AS.225.324.01
Adaptation for the Stage
Joseph Martin
265
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the class group discussions, the final project and the small
productive classroom atmosphere. The worst aspect of the course was the assigned readings. The
students felt that the readings didn't really add much to the course and were rarely even discussed. The
course would improve if the workshops schedules were more structured and if there were stricter
deadlines for the assignments. Prospective students should expect lots of great feedback on their work
and should come prepared to participate and critique their peers at workshop.
AS.225.328.01
The Existential Drama: Philosophy and Theatre of the Absurd
Joseph Martin
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the fun plays students got to read, the interesting topics covered,
and the small class size. The worst aspects of the course were the heavy reading assignments and the
occasionally weak discussions. Students didn't really seem to understand the subject of existentialism
and found the professor's lectures hard to follow. The course would improve if there were clearer
lectures and assignments that spread throughout the semester. Prospective students should expect to
do a fair amount of reading and writing in this existentialism focused course.
AS.225.329.01
Acting and Directing Musical Theatre
Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the opportunities to sing and do musical theatre, as well as the
challenging twist to working with musical theatre songs. Students were given freedom in the course and
were pushed out of their creative comfort zones. The worst aspects of the course included the large
class size and the lack of feedback on student performances. The course would improve if the class size
were smaller and if the students had more chances to work on music and singing. Prospective students
should expect to perform and sing in this fun theatre class.
AS.225.346.01-02
Creative Improvisation
Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.68
Summary:
266
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES
The best aspects of the course were the fun class activities and the creative atmosphere that was made
available. The students played fun games and got to develop some skills along the way. The worst
aspects of the course included the once-a-week meeting time and the somewhat repetitive activities,
some of which seemed to lack educational value. The course would improve if there was more class
time dedicated to the fun activities. Prospective students should take this class only if they are willing to
come out of their comfort zones and to ready to learn about improvisation.
267
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
WOMEN, GENDER, AND SEXUALITY PROGRAM DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.363.230.01
Life, Vitality, Affect: History of Science and Sexuality
Larry McGrath
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.363.243.01
Poetics and Politics of Sex
Nathan Gies
Overall quality of the course: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor minimizing lectures in order to extend class
discussions that stemmed from the day's readings; also, the required readings were thought-provoking
and current, and the instructor provided invaluable feedback. Many students felt that the readings were
too dense and that they required a certain amount of presumed knowledge in regards to theory,
women, and gender studies. One suggestion was to incorporate more current issues into the class
discussions. Another suggestion was to clarify for the students what precisely was expected from their
essays. Prospective students should know that this course is reading-intensive.
AS.363.417.01
Working for Social Justice in Contemporary Urban Space
Thomas Gottbreht
Overall quality of the course: 4.75
Summary:
One of the best aspects of this course included working with community members to provide services
for Baltimore City women. Another great aspect included its focus on pertinent issues regarding the
feminization of poverty, which instilled in the students a deep respect and passion for working on social
268
WOMEN, GENDER, AND SEXUALITY PROGRAM
justice. Some students felt the emphasis of the class was focused too heavily on course readings rather
than on debate/discussion/relating their internship experience to the concepts discussed. Suggestions
included incorporating a group discussion wherein students share their experiences and perhaps
shortening the class period. Prospective students are encouraged to stay on top of their internship hours
and keep up with the required readings.
269
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2013
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.220.105.01
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Rahul Kanakia
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.105.02
Fiction Poetry Writing I
John Grasser
Overall quality of the course: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small, discussion-based class size, and that it allowed for
those who may not be the best at fiction and poetry to try it without worrying too much about a drop in
GPA  the work is graded on effort. Some students felt that feedback wasn't returned in a timely
manner and that the grading was often subjective. One suggestion was to provide earlier notices about
particular assignments. Another suggestion was to base the final grade on improvement rather than
overall quality. Prospective students should know that this is a writing-intensive course.
AS.220.105.03
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Richard Hofmann
Overall quality of the course: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the opportunity to read and evaluate peers' work, the chance to
write creatively as opposed to writing for clinical and/or research purposes, and the workshops that
gave students who are not writing majors the experience of what it's like to pursue a creative degree.
270
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
Also, students appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm and unique sense of humor. Some students felt
feedback on their work wasn't returned in a timely manner and that the attendance policy was "scary."
Suggestions included making the workshop groups smaller and providing more specific writing prompts.
Prospective students should know that participation in this class is crucial.
AS.220.105.05
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Nathan McNamara
Overall quality of the course: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the invaluable input from the instructors and fellow students,
the workshops that provided students with the opportunity to review one another's work, and the
required reading material. One student felt that, at times, the readings were not relevant. A few
students felt the grading was based on the overall quality of one's ability and not on one's
improvement. Suggestions included providing students with grade updates throughout the semester
and with support on writing assignments as much as possible. Prospective students should be sure to
keep up with the weekly assignments and allow themselves ample time to complete a piece.
AS.220.105.06
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Nathaniel Washatka
Overall quality of the course: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the feedback provided that helped students improve their skills,
the class discussions, and the grading system using checks, check pluses, and check minuses. Some
students felt that the assignments were, at times, repetitive and that the prompts were difficult to
relate to. One suggestion was to provide students with examples of stories and poems written by
previous students. Another suggestion was to offer separate sections to students  either just poetry of
fiction. Prospective students should make a legitimate effort on the papers and participate in class.
AS.220.105.07
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Matthew Morton
Overall quality of the course: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the attentive critiques from peers, the topics for writing
assignments, and the class discussions that were both helpful and interesting. One student felt that
some of the questions the instructor asked inhibited conversation. Another student felt the instructor's
grading criteria was harsher than others. Suggestions included improving the facilitation of group
discussions and incorporating more workshop opportunities. Prospective students should know that this
271
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
course is writing-intensive and they are encouraged to take advantage of the instructor's office hours for
help.
AS.220.105.08
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Songmuang Greer
Overall quality of the course: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the peer interaction during workshops, the intriguing writing
assignments, and the stimulating class discussions. Some students felt that feedback was not returned
to students in a timely manner. One suggestion was to provide more opportunities to discuss the
reading materials. Another suggestion was to devote more time to workshops. Prospective students
should know that this is a writing-intensive course and the weekly assignments can be time-consuming,
so be prepared.
AS.220.105.09
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Julia Heney
Overall quality of the course: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the thought-provoking in-class discussions, the thorough
feedback from the instructor, and the assignments that were both interesting and challenging. Students
said that the course involved a lot of assignments. Also, student expectations were not always clear.
Suggestions included posting assignments on Blackboard sooner than they were and incorporating more
draft milestones throughout the process of writing a piece. Prospective students should know the
course is a great opportunity to express their creative sides, but that it's also very writing-intensive.
AS.220.105.10
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Elizabeth Thompson
Overall quality of the course: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the short stories and poems that were read/discussed, the
opportunity to write "non-academically", and the instructor's ability to carefully guide and facilitate
class discussions. One student felt the attendance policy was too stringent. Another student felt the
weekly assignments were too time-consuming. Suggestions included allowing more leeway with some of
the prompts and lightening the workload. Prospective students should know this is a workshop-intensive
course with a strict attendance policy.
AS.220.105.11
Fiction Poetry Writing I
272
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
Robert McDonald
Overall quality of the course: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instrumental feedback provided by both the instructor and
the workshops; also, the interesting writing prompts were much appreciated. Some students felt that
the grades were, at times, subjective. One student felt that because his/her views were not compatible
with the instructor's, his/her grade consequently suffered. Suggestions included providing a clear and
comprehensible grading rubric and focusing more on the reading. Prospective students are encouraged
to experiment outside their comfort-zone while understanding that this course is writing and workshop-
intensive.
AS.220.105.12
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Katherine Robinson
Overall quality of the work: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the students' freedom to freely express themselves via writing;
also, the course explored different works and styles that altogether provided pupils with a
comprehensive introduction to creative writing. One student felt that the instructor was not
encouraging with her in-class commentary. Another student felt the attendance policy was too
stringent. Suggestions included having the stories due every other week as opposed to every week and
to implement a more objective grading system. Prospective students should know that this is a writing-
intensive course and that attendance is critical.
AS.220.105.13
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Emily Parker
Overall quality of the course: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the beneficial workshops, the fun prompts students were given,
and the multiple opportunities to receive feedback. Also, students appreciated the instructor's
enthusiasm for the material as well as her encouragement. Some students felt the required reading was
tedious and not engaging. Suggestions included incorporating more contemporary work and omitting
the quizzes. Prospective students should know that this is a reading, writing, and workshop-intensive
class.
AS.220.105.14
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Daniel Stintzi
Overall quality of the course: 4.45
273
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relaxed atmosphere, the discussion-based format, and the
instructor's feedback. One student felt that the grades were given arbitrarily. Another student felt that
the class progressed at too rapid a pace. Suggestions included providing more opportunities for students
to improve their work and implementing a means of making sure everyone participates in workshop.
Prospective students should know this is a reading, writing and workshop-intensive course.
AS.220.105.15
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Joselyn Takacs
Overall quality of the course: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's detailed, invaluable feedback, the constructive
workshops, and the comprehensive introduction in creative writing it provided. Some students felt that
there was not enough instruction before assignments. Some students also felt that the required reading
was excessive. Suggestions included supplying the students with more general resources on Blackboard
and giving assignments back before the next one is due. Prospective students should know that their
grades will suffer if they procrastinate on the writing in this class; it's also reading and workshop-
intensive.
AS.220.105.16
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Alexander Creighton
Overall quality of the course: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's willingness to directly work one-on-one with a
student, the small class size, and the instructor's thorough, constructive commentary on graded work.
Some students felt the amount of required readings was excessive. One student felt that the
assignments, particularly in the poetry unit, were too restrictive. Suggestions included providing
students with workshop guidelines at the beginning of the semester and timing the critique sessions so
that everyone gets a chance for feedback. Prospective students should know this is a writing and
workshop-intensive course.
AS.220.105.17
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Jocelyn Slovak
Overall quality of the course: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the peer feedback, the opportunity to write creatively, and the
unrestrictive prompts that allowed for easy transition from one writing style to another. One student
274
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
felt there was not enough time granted between assignments. Another student felt that the grading was
subjective. Suggestions included more emphasis on learning literary devices and more feedback during
workshops from the instructor. Prospective students should know that this course is writing and
workshop-intensive.
AS.220.106.01; 03
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Charles Phinney
Overall quality of the course: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's helpful commentary, learning how to develop
narrative voice, and focusing more on the importance of writing and less on the technicalities. Students
found the feedback invaluable and the lectures engaging. A few students felt that the course was poorly
organized and that there was never sufficient time. While discussions were good, they did not involve a
high level of participation. Suggestions included assigning less extraneous material and incorporating
more incentives to do the work. Prospective students should know that participation is necessary, it's
important to meet one-on-one with the instructor, and the course is both writing and workshop-
intensive.
AS.220.106.04; 06
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Amber Burke
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size, the workshop format, intriguing group
discussions, and the consistent feedback from the instructor. Students enjoyed the exposure to new
literary works. Some students felt that, at times, the class could get too subjective and workshops could
be biased. One student felt the workshops encouraged his/her peers to criticize as opposed to offering
constructive, meaningful feedback. A couple students felt like their grade status throughout the
semester was often ambiguous. Suggestions included implementing a numeric grading system and
making the classes even smaller. Prospective students should be prepared to devote a lot of time to
writing, and are encouraged to be creative with their work.
AS.220.106.05; 08
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Petrina Crockford
Overall quality of the course: 4.59
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting topics available to write about, the engaging
class discussions, and the informative workshop sessions. Students appreciated the instructors' kind
nature and ability to create dialogue between the students in regard to the material being discussed.
275
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
Some students felt the grades did not necessarily reflect their effort. Suggestions included allowing
students more time to work on a piece, and incorporating more discussions on published work. Also,
cutting down the required reading and making commentary more legible would benefit students.
Prospective students should know that this course is both reading and writing-intensive.
AS.220.106.07
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Katherine Parr
Overall quality of the course: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relaxed atmosphere, the engaging class discussions, and the
workshop sessions. Also, students appreciated that the instructor seemed invested in their work and
improvement. One student felt his/her work wasn't returned with ample edits or commentary. Another
student felt the required readings were tedious and hard to comprehend. Suggestions included
providing regular, consistent feedback and requiring less poetry be read. Prospective students should
know that prior experience with fiction and poetry writing is not necessary, and that the course is also
writing intensive.
AS.220.106.09
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Callie Siskel
Overall quality of the course: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.106.11; 16
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Katherine Robinson
Overall quality of the course: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class discussions, the instructor's approachability and
willingness to help, and the invaluable workshops. Some students felt what was expected of them
regarding the writing assignments was oftentimes unclear, as well as the grading system being arbitrary.
Suggestions included adding more writing assignments and more opportunities for students to be
workshopped. Also, providing students with a grading rubric would be helpful. Prospective students
should know that class participation is crucial in order for everyone to experience fully the benefits of a
writing workshop.
AS.220.106.12; 14
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Courtney Sender
Overall quality of the course: 4.59
276
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
Summary:
Some of the best aspects of this course included the manageable, consistent workload, the well-picked
readings, and the student engagement encouraged and brought forth by the instructor. Students
mentioned that some of the assignments were very restrictive in nature. Also, students felt that grading
was on the harsh side. Suggestions included incorporating more students' P.O.V. discussions into each
class and setting up more, if not regular, meetings with the instructor so that students can fully
understand their progress and grade. Prospective students should know that constructive criticism is
offered on a regular basis; that those who do not respond to criticism well should not take this course.
AS.220.106.13; 15
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Eric Levitz
Overall quality of the course: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's helpful feedback, the small class environment,
and the writing assignments that were both thought-provoking and challenging. Students found benefit
in the course being more discussion based, opposed to being lecture driven. Also, students found that
much of the poetry was too subjective to provide a balanced critique. Suggestions included providing
students with a more concrete syllabus and changing up the discussion methods once in a while.
Additional suggestions included incorporating different writing strategies and allowing more freedom
with written assignments. Prospective students should know that this course requires a lot of work to be
turned in; also, it's both reading and writing-intensive.
AS.220.106.17
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Gwen Kirby
Overall quality of the course: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity students had to experiment with their writing,
the strong feedback provided by the instructor, and the interesting writing prompts. One student felt
peers' opinions or insight could have been involved in the discussion a little more. Another student felt
the grading system was too objective. One suggestion was to incorporate more open prompts in the
fiction portion and a better mix of free verse and formal poetry in the poetry section. Prospective
students must be willing to put forth considerable effort and know that the course is both reading and
writing-intensive.
AS.220.108.01
Introduction to Fiction & Nonfiction
Joanne Cavanaugh-Simpson
Overall quality of the course: 4.76
277
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor who was extremely committed to providing
students with invaluable feedback, the amount of room provided for students to be creative in their
writing, and the fair, unbiased grading system. Some students felt that too many readings were
crammed into a week's time and this hindered class discussions. One suggestion was to incorporate a
few more personalized writing assignments. Another suggestion was to change the time of day the class
was offered. Prospective students should know there is a lot of reading and participation required in this
class.
AS.220.146.01
Introduction to Science Writing
Kelsey Calhoun
Overall quality of the course: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the comprehensive assignment structure set out in the syllabus,
the introduction to different styles of writing, and the instructor's enthusiasm for and knowledge of the
subject matter. One student felt that the instructor was overly critical. A few students felt the instructor
didn't return work or give feedback in a timely manner. Suggestions included providing detailed
guidelines about how and what constitutes a particular writing style, and supplying the students with a
comprehensible grading rubric. Prospective students should know that this is a good writing course for
engineering and science majors.
AS.220.146.02
Introduction to Science Writing
Jean Hazel Mendoza
Overall quality of the course: 3.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the students' freedom to write about their interests, the
consistent feedback on rough drafts, and the invaluable workshop sessions. One student felt there
wasn't enough time provided to conduct the interview portion of the class. Another student found it
difficult to meet the Wednesday deadlines and that the instructor should move due dates to Friday.
Suggestions included breaking the class up into halves that met twice a week and having the opportunity
to workshop "finals" as opposed to "drafts." Prospective students should know this class is not about
technical writing.
AS.220.200.01
Introduction to Fiction
Matthew Klam
Overall quality of the course: 4.75
Summary:
278
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
The best aspects of this course included the in-depth class discussions, the helpful feedback, and the
intriguing assigned readings. One student felt that when classmates sent out pieces late, it didn't
provide enough time to properly read over their work, so perhaps a system should be put into place to
effectively penalize students guilty of this. Another student felt the instructor was difficult to contact.
Suggestions included offering the class more than once a week in shorter time slots and giving more
prompts. Prospective students should know it's important to read their peers work in order to
adequately contribute to the class discussions.
AS.220.200.02
Introduction to Fiction
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of the course: 4.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the effusive instruction, the invaluable workshops, and the
instructor's engaging and oftentimes humorous nature. One student felt the work was too tedious.
Some students felt the class discussions often ran off topic. Suggestions included providing the students
with more writing assignments and cutting back or altogether omitting the required readings.
Prospective students should know they will be required to write increasingly longer stories over the
course of the semester.
AS.220.201.01
Introduction to Poetry Writing
David Smith
Overall quality of the course: 3.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the required reading selection, the insightful feedback provided
by the instructor, and the extensive personal knowledge of the poetry-writing process the instructor
shared with the students. Some students felt the instructor devoted too much time to lecturing and
that, at times, even while lecturing he would run off-topic. One student felt the book reviews and
readings were more like busywork. Suggestions included condensing the lectures, allotting students
more time to critique their peers, and providing students with some sense of their grade throughout the
semester. Prospective students should possess some level of comfort with both receiving and providing
constructive feedback.
AS.220.201.02
Introduction to Poetry Writing
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of the course: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the creative and challenging assignments, the instructor's
consistent feedback, and the helpful workshop sessions. One student felt that a lot of attention is paid
279
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
during workshop to trivial details. Some students felt that poems were often rushed through during the
workshop process because time was not well monitored. Suggestions included incorporating a little
more diversity in the assignments and making it so not every single student is workshopped each week.
Prospective students should know it's important to read other peoples' poems before class so you can
contribute to the conversation.
AS.220.202.01
Introduction to Non-Fiction: Matters of Fact
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of the course: 3.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's explication on what was expected from
students' work, the pacing of the class was realistic and manageable, and the assignments were
extremely diverse in nature. Some students felt the instructor's feedback was sparse. One suggestion
was to explore more contemporary nonfiction. Another suggestion was to provide a more transparent
grading system. Prospective students should know that this class is reading-intensive.
AS.220.204.01
Introduction to Dramatic Writing: Film
Marc Lapadula
Overall quality of the course: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class dynamic, the way the instructor encouraged students
to foster their writing strengths while improving upon their weaknesses, and the workshop format of
assigning peers' roles to read. Some students felt the midterm portfolio was an excessive amount of
work. One suggestion included providing more instruction on what was due. Another suggestion was to
have students read screenplays other than those written by the class. Prospective students should know
that this course is writing-intensive with a considerable amount of work due each week.
AS.220.316.01
Seminar: Opinion Writing
Gregory Kane
Overall quality of the course: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the students' option to choose the subject matter for their
essays, the extra credit that was available, and the wide range of topics covered throughout the
semester. Students also appreciated the instructor's enthusiasm for the material as well as his sense of
humor and thought-provoking insight. Some students felt that classes involving student readings should
have been mixed up more in order to hold their attention. Suggestions included encouraging more class
discussion and watching more movies. Prospective students should know this is an assignment and
writing-intensive course.
280
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
AS.220.329.01
Intermediate Fiction: Forming the Short Story
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of the course: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the logical progression of short stories covered throughout the
semester, the instructor's helpful feedback, and the engaging class discussions or "book chats". Students
also appreciated the instructor's individualized guidance on assignments. One student felt the "cycle of
submitting work" was disorganized. Suggestions included providing more feedback on the mechanics of
story writing and incorporating more assignments that are shorter in length. Prospective students
should know that in this course they will have the opportunity to write in different styles and get out of
their comfort zones; also, it's reading and writing-intensive.
AS.220.337.01
Intermediate Dramatic Writing: Film
Marc Lapadula
Overall quality of the course: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class camaraderie, the detailed and helpful feedback
provided by the instructor, and the opportunity to hear one's script read aloud by his/her peers.
Students also appreciated that the instructor familiarized himself with their work. One student felt that,
at times, the workshops became redundant. One suggestion was to mix up the structure of the class 
i.e. workshops broken up with films, video clips, etc. Prospective students should know that the course
involves a good deal of independent work and that it is writing and workshop-intensive.
AS.220.344.01
Intermediate Fiction: The Short-Short Story
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the course: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the seminar-style discussions, the light workload, and the
instructor's ability to hold students' attention for the length of the class time. Some students felt the
instructor, at times, had "favorites" and that his written feedback was indecipherable. Suggestions
included providing students with more opportunities for feedback, and that grading should be harsher
on those who didn't put forth the effort to write passable drafts. Prospective students should know this
course is writing and feedback-intensive.
AS.220.376.01
Intermediate Fiction: Outdoor Stories
Robert Roper
281
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
Overall quality of the course: 4.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's flexibility with writing prompts; that the reading
selections prompted engaging dialogue between the students; also, the instructor did not "go easy" with
his grading criteria. Some students felt the syllabus was disorganized and the required readings were
excessive (i.e. a novel in one week.) Suggestions included incorporating more work by women and
minority writers, as well as having the class read shorter outdoor essays, rather than novel-length
pieces. Prospective students should know this course is particularly reading-intensive.
AS.220.378.01
Poetic Forms II
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of the course: 4.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's level of engagement with the students, the
opportunity for students to imitate certain authors, and the instructor's thorough feedback. One
student felt that workshops focused too heavily on the technical facets of a piece. Another student felt
the instructor was subjective toward particular students. Suggestions included workshopping only half
the class per week and requiring students to attend readings throughout the semester. Prospective
students should know that the course is writing-intensive and that they will be expected to write in
certain styles/formats.
AS.220.380.01
Intermediate Fiction: The Scene
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the course: 3.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intriguing material, the instructor's encouragement to try
less traditional forms of writing, and the variety of books read throughout the semester. Some students
felt the instructor did not provide enough writing assignments. One suggestion was for the instructor to
communicate a daily class agenda so that students know what to expect. Another suggestion was to
clarify the expectations of the assignments. Prospective students should know that this class can, at
times, be lecture-heavy and is consistently writing-intensive.
AS.220.383.01
Intermediate Fiction: The 20th Century
Brad Leithauser
Overall quality of the course: 4.10
Summary:
282
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
The best aspects of this course included the interesting and varied course material, the instructor's
thought-provoking lectures, and the instructor's enthusiasm for the literature. One student felt that too
much class time was spent reading the material aloud. Another student felt the instructor attempted to
"take over" students' presentations on the novellas. Suggestions included adopting a more interactive
teaching style and emphasizing the creative writing aspect more. Prospective students should know this
is not a workshop course, and that it is reading-intensive.
AS.220.400.01
Advanced Poetry Workshop
Mary Jo Salter
Overall quality of the course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the challenging poetry prompts, and the instructor who was
extremely knowledgeable and therefore helpful with the subject matter. Also, students enjoyed the
opportunity to build a portfolio of poems. Some students felt that the instructor was late in returning
their work, which made the revision process difficult. One suggestion was to allow students to lead the
discussions more often. Another suggestion was to provide more time and focus to students' pieces
during workshops. Prospective students should know this is a reading-intensive course and requires a
certain degree of self-motivation.
AS.220.401.01
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Jean McGarry
Overall quality of the course: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor-guided discussions, the group analysis on
Chekhov's work, and the thorough, invaluable workshops. One student felt that utilizing Chekhov as a
literary model was frustrating and limiting because of Chekhov's distinct style. Another student felt class
time was misappropriated  there was not enough focus on workshops. Prospective students are
encouraged to participate as much as possible.
AS.220.401.02
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Alice McDermott
Overall quality of the course: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-depth workshops, the instructor's detailed and thorough
feedback, and the individual conferences. One student felt the critiques from the instructor were often
based on preference. Another student felt the grading system was unclear. Suggestions included
incorporating more weekly writing exercises and reading more contemporary fiction. Prospective
283
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
students should be prepared to do a substantial amount of reading, writing, and providing feedback to
peers.
AS.220.403.01
Readings in Poetry: The Branch Will Not Break
Steve Scafidi
Overall quality of the course: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included how the poets were studied chronologically and thematically,
that the essays and poems read were entertaining, relevant, and though-provoking; also, the students
felt the instructor was incredibly enthusiastic about the subject matter and that he taught in a manner
both engaging and motivational. One student felt that, at times, the assignment criterion was unclear.
Suggestions included making the class size smaller and inciting more group discussions. Prospective
students should know that this is a discussion class; it is immensely enjoyable if one participates. Also, it
is reading-intensive.
AS.220.406.01
Readings in Fiction: Hard-Boiled Fiction and Film Noir
John Irwin
Overall quality of the course: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relaxed style of discussion, the instructor's knowledge about
course material, and the intriguing material covered in class. One student felt that class time was often
dedicated to discussions that didn't seem to advance any understanding of the books or films. Another
student felt the instructor did not provide enough constructive feedback. Suggestions included
incorporating specific prompts for class debate and less emphasis on the quizzes. Prospective students
should know this is a reading-intensive course.
AS.220.409.01
Readings in Fiction: Faulkner, Fitzgerald, & Hemingway
John Irwin
Overall quality of the course: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor's expansive knowledge about the authors
studied; the engaging weekly discussions provided students with insight on the material; the instructor's
enthusiasm kept the students motivated. Some students felt that requiring them to read a book per
week was excessive. Also, students felt the quizzes were intentionally complex and focused on minute
details. Suggestions included slowing the pace of the class down and providing students with a reading
list for the semester. Prospective students should know this class is reading-intensive and that quizzes
are administered weekly.
284
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
AS.220.416.01
Readings in Fiction: Five from the Fifties
Brad Leithauser
Overall quality of the course: 3.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the close textual analysis of how a writer's style and voice
influences his/her work; also, the reading selection was diverse, and the instructor was well-read and
knowledgeable about the material. Some students felt the instructor didn't encourage student
discussion and, instead, read to them directly from the material; also, students felt their assignments
required more clarification than was provided. Suggestions included mixing up the format of the class to
incorporate more discussion and less verbatim reading, as well as supplying students with thorough
feedback on their work to boost improvement. Prospective students should know this is a reading-
intensive course and attendance is crucial in receiving a good grade.
AS.220.417.01
Advanced Nonfiction Workshop
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of the course: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.424.01
Science as Literature
Richard Panek
Overall quality of the course: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the wide scope of scientific readings, the opportunity for
students to research topics of their choice, and the instructor's encouragement toward group
discussions. Some students felt the instructor didn't provide enough guidance during discussions and
that the reading requirements were excessive. Suggestions included offering students more feedback on
their work and providing more guidance on what the professor looks for in their writing (i.e. strengths
and weaknesses, tips, etc.) Prospective students should know the readings can be difficult and
participation in group discussion is crucial.
285
