JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY
Homewood Course Guide
Summaries of Student Course Evaluations for Fall 2012
2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Africana Studies 5
Anthropology 7
Applied Mathematics and Statistics 11
Art 20
Behavioral Biology 24
Biology 26
Biomedical Engineering 33
Biophysics 40
Center for Language Education: Arabic 43
Center for Language Education: Chinese 45
Center for Language Education: Hebrew 48
Center for Language Education: Hindi 49
Center for Language Education: Japanese 50
Center for Language Education: Korean 52
Center for Language Education: Russian 54
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering 56
Chemistry 63
Civil Engineering 68
Classics 73
Cognitive Science 76
Computer Science 79
Earth and Planetary Science 90
East Asian 94
Economics 96
3
Electrical and Computer Engineering 101
Engineering Management 109
English 110
Entrepreneurship & Management 123
Film and Media Studies 131
General Engineering 136
Geography and Environmental Engineering 138
German and Romance Languages and Literatures 145
History 169
History of Art 178
History of Science and Technology 182
Humanities 185
Information Security Institute 187
Interdepartmental 190
Latin American Studies 192
Materials Science and Engineering 193
Mathematics 198
Mechanical Engineering 205
Military Science 213
Museum and Society Programs 216
Music 218
Nanobiotechnology 222
Near Eastern Studies 223
Neuroscience 226
Philosophy 230
Physics and Astronomy 234
4
Political Science 240
Professional Communication 251
Psychological and Brain Sciences 258
Public Health Studies 266
Sociology 270
Theatre Arts and Studies 275
Women, Gender, And Sexuality Program 278
Writing Seminars 279
5
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
AFRICANA STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.362.104.01
Introduction to the African Diaspora
Patricia Romero
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.362.105.01
Black Society in the Americas
Moira Hinderer, Franklin Knight
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
The best aspect of this course was the off-campus research component that was conducted at the
Baltimore Afro-American newspaper. The various field trips also provided a chance to experience the
black societal view that the city of Baltimore offers. The worst aspects of the course included the
vagueness of the grading policies and requirements for assignments. Students suggested that more
detailed guidelines be provided for assignment clarity. Prospective students should know that the
required coursework is fairly light and that there are learning opportunities beyond the classroom walls.
AS.362.340.01
Power and Racism
Floyd Hayes
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
The best aspect of this course was the continuous interaction between the passion-driven Professor
Hayes and the students, which cultivated discussion throughout the class. The course provided the
chance to enhance critical thinking and writing skills. The worst aspect of the course was straying off
topic, which seemed to be due to the lengthiness of the class. Suggestions for improvement included a
clearer set of outlines for day to day class, as well as dividing the long meeting period into two shorter
periods. A more even balance of time spent on various course materials would help maintain students'
6
attention. Prospective students should be prepared to conduct research in preparation to write a variety
of papers.
7
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
ANTHROPOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.070.103.01
Community Based Learning - Africa & The Museum
Jane Guyer
Overall quality of the class: 3.08
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor, who was very knowledgeable about the subject. This
was a rich course that took students to cultural sites like the Baltimore Museum of Art. The class
discussions seemed to go off topic at times and many students were unclear about the professor's
expectations when it came to certain assignments. The class could be greatly improved if the professor
created a clearer syllabus and better explained what students needed to do in order to be successful on
their assignments. Prospective students should be prepared to do lots of reading and writing for the
course. Overall, students will receive fulfilling and exciting teachings on African culture.
AS.070.112.01
Troubling Africa: Bodies, Politics, Experience of the Well-being
Thomas Cousins
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor's passion about Africa. Everyone seemed to take away
something new and different each week. The only agitating thing for most students was the late
meeting time of the class, which was from 7pm-10pm. The course was very rich and filled with material
that had to be shortened for the sake of time. The course would be improved if the course were spread
out into different sections so that students could get more of the experience in different chunks.
Prospective students should be ready to be challenged, but in a way that will provide fresh
enlightenment about Africa.
AS.070.113.01
Freshman Seminar
Niloofar Haeri
8
Overall quality of the class: 3.53
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included its small size and wide range of thought-provoking discussions.
Students in this class felt free to express themselves and correlated what they were learning with
personal experiences. However, many students often found themselves disengaged from class
discussions, which seemed unfocused or dull at times. Suggestions for improvement included limiting
the class size to fifteen students in order to make the discussions more productive. This was an easy
going class with interesting readings. Prospective students should be open to plenty of participation and
critical thinking in order to engage themselves in this course.
AS.070.271.01
Media, Culture, and Publics
Laura Humphreys
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor's willingness in helping students understand the
material. The assigned readings and memos really helped students put things into perspective and
effectively participate in class discussions. The professor's teaching methods were extremely helpful and
she was very approachable. Many students felt like the amount of reading that went along with the
course was at times excessive. The class could be improved if there was a little less reading and the
students were given more time to properly grasp the material. Prospective students should know that
this course requires heavy reading and they should be prepared to put in a significant amount of work in
order to be successful.
AS.070.285.01
Understanding Aid
Emma Cervone
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
This course offered students a variety of written works and case studies that demonstrated the technical
aspects of understanding aid and development projects. Many students felt like the course became
repetitive after the first few weeks and that the material covered didn't give them a substantial
understanding of the aid industry. The course could be improved if it were better structured so that
students knew what was expected of them for all the assignments and essays. Prospective students
should be prepared to do a lot of reading. A strong background in anthropology is not required to be
successful in the course, but it is essential to keep up with the readings.
AS.070.287.01
Displaying Race
Deborah Poole
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
9
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the relaxed yet very engaging class atmosphere. Most students felt
the class became very disorganized after the professor stopped assigning readings. They generally felt
that the class should have been more properly planned out in order for more material to be covered in a
timely manner. Overall, prospective students will be extremely engaged in this class. It is sure to be
interesting and beneficial to those who may want to do some sort of research in the future.
AS.070.302.01
The Social Lives of Global Health Programs
Lindsey Reynolds
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
Students enjoyed the professor's weekly presentations, which always involved engaging and thought-
provoking discussions. The worst aspect of the class was the professor's inaccessibility to her students
after class meetings. She was also slow in giving students feedback on their assignments. The class could
have been greatly improved if the teacher was more available to students and gave timely feedback on
their individual assignments. Prospective students should be aware that there is a high volume of
reading in this class. Students will gain a vast understanding of global health through this course, but
must be prepared to read and also be open-minded to the material.
AS.070.319.01
Logic of Anthropological Inquiry
Jane Guyer
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the very knowledgeable professor and the approachable teaching
assistant who was always willing to assist students. The worst aspect of the class was that the professor
assigned lots of readings and never really went over them most of the time. She would also assign
weekly writings in which students were not sure what was expected of them. The course could have
been improved if the professor engaged the students more, instead of giving constant lectures. The
course is interesting and recommended for those interested in anthropology. It requires a lot of reading
and writing, but students will learn a lot from the course.
AS.070.371.01
Forms of Critique in Islam
Joseph Bush
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the complex yet mentally stimulating coursework throughout the
semester. Many students left the class every week feeling intrigued and challenged. The professor was
very knowledgeable and he pushed great class discussions among his students. The worst aspect of the
10
class was the overwhelming and often dense readings that were hard for students to fully grasp. The
class could be greatly improved if the assignments were structured so that the students were more
engaged in what they were reading and writing about. Prospective students should prepare to be
stimulated, as this course will make them think analytically.
AS.070.385.01
From Sexual Nature to Sexual Politics
Aaron Goodfellow
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professor, who not only had a great personality, but was
obviously someone who thought well about his choices for course reading material. The students
enjoyed his relaxed teaching style and found all the course readings very interesting. Students disliked
the overly casual discussions, which strayed and lost focus at times. Many students found the teaching
assistant unapproachable. The class could also be improved if the class size was smaller in order to have
better presentations and discussions. Prospective students should expect a great class with a
manageable workload.
11
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.550.100.01
Introduction to Applied Mathematics and Statistics
Daniel Naiman
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning about a variety of topics in applied math, and said the course provided a good
overview of the department and potential careers. Many students found the homework assignments to
be difficult or too much work for a one-credit course. Some said that the lectures were too advanced for
an introductory course. Students suggested that instructors should go over more examples of problems
in class in order to better prepare them for the homework. Prospective students who are interested in
the department will get a good overview, but they should be prepared to work hard on assignments and
know that attendance is critical for this course.
EN.550.111.01-05
Statistical Analysis I
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
Students had mixed feelings about the lectures, but most found the TA sessions very helpful for going
over the material and asking specific questions. Some said the professor's lectures were not always well
prepared, and that the TAs did not communicate enough with the professor. Many found the final exam
much harder than expected because it was partly written by another professor. Suggestions included
providing solutions to problem sets, past exams, or assigning additional problem sets so that students
could practice more for exams. Students should be prepared to attend class, read the textbook, and
spend a significant amount of time on homework for this course.
EN.550.112.01-04
Statistical Analysis II
Donniell Fishkind
12
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The professor's lectures were clear and engaging, but since he does not use a textbook it is important to
attend class. The workload was manageable and the exams were very fair. Some students felt that he
did not fully explain examples in class. Students suggested that some kind of textbook or more practice
materials would be helpful. A good grasp of Stats I is necessary, and the material can be difficult, but
students who make an effort and do the homework will do well.
EN.550.113.01-02
Statistics Through Case Study
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
Students enjoyed the professor's teaching style, as well as learning about practical applications of
statistics. They said that lectures were interesting, but sometimes the professor moved too fast and did
not go over difficult concepts thoroughly enough. Some students suggested including more case studies
and slowing down the lectures to make sure they fully understood all of the concepts. Prospective
students should expect an intensive course. They may need to take quite a bit of time to study the
materials and do the homework assignments, but the professor and TAs are good at explaining the
concepts.
EN.550.171.01-03
Discrete Mathematics
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
Students noted that the best aspects of the course were the helpful professor and TAs, as well as the
lessons on different types of math. Students said that the textbook was hard to follow. They also found
the homework assignments difficult and said that the TAs graded the homework harshly. However, the
exams were not as difficult as the homework. Students suggested reading the textbook before class and
studying the proofs to prepare for exams. This is a challenging course that requires logical and
mathematical thinking. It provides good experience with proofs, which are needed for higher level math
courses.
EN.550.252.01
Math Models-Decision Making : Stochastic Models
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
13
EN.550.291.01-02
Linear Algebra & Differential Equations
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
Students liked that the professor was helpful and enthusiastic about the material. Since it is two courses
combined into one, it does not cover the subjects as thoroughly as two separate courses would. Many
students wished there had been more applications of the concepts they learned, rather than just
theoretical concepts. Homework assignments were difficult, but students said going to office hours was
very helpful and that the professor was willing to help. If you want to really master either subject, rather
than just get an overview, it is better to take separate linear algebra and differential equations courses
instead of this combined course.
EN.550.310.01-03
Probability & Statistics for the Physical Sciences & Engineering
Vince Lyzinski
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The course offers a good overview of basic probability and statistics, but is not as in-depth as separate
probability and statistics courses. Students said the professor was enthusiastic and gave interesting
lectures. The textbook is optional, but many students said that the lack of a textbook made the course
more difficult. Students said they wanted more practical examples in class and wished that the TA
sessions were better structured. While not as difficult as higher-level math courses, students should
expect to work hard on homework. Having some experience with probability, statistics, or calculus is
helpful.
EN.550.311.01-02
Probability and Statistics for the Biological Sciences and Engineering
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
Students found the lectures well-organized, and liked that the professor posted his notes online. They
did not like that it took a long time for homework to be returned and the professor/TA's did not go over
assignments or provide proper explanation. They said that the difficulty of the exams was inconsistent.
Students suggested making the exams more consistent throughout the semester. Prospective students
should know that the course is fast-paced, but the professor is helpful. It deals more with theory than
with applications, and requires good math skills.
EN.550.361.01-03
Intro to Optimization
Donniell Fishkind
14
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The good aspects of the course included the engaging lectures and pre-exam review sessions. Students
said
hat the professor was engaging, helpful, and approachable. There was no textbook, so going to class and
taking notes was critical. Students said they wished there had been notes posted online or some other
resource for those who missed a lecture. Some of the assignments require programming with MATLAB,
but the TA's are willing to help out students who don't have experience with the software. Overall,
students found the course well-taught and fair.
EN.550.385.01
Scientific Computing: Linear Algebra
Youngmi Hur
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.391.01
Dynamical Systems
Gregory Eyink
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Students said that the material was interesting and the professor was a good lecturer. However, he got
behind and had to rush to cover all of the lessons. Additionally, the discussion sections were converted
to extra lectures in order to cover everything. Students suggested that the professor should go over
content sooner so they have more time to complete the homework assignments. The course is
challenging, but worthwhile if you need these math skills. Students should have a good background in
calculus and differential equations before taking this course.
EN.550.400.01
Mathematical Modeling and Consulting
Nam Lee
Overall quality of the class: 3.00
Summary:
Students appreciated learning about programming methods and they liked the idea of doing an
independent project. As for negative aspects of the course, the professor was disorganized, which often
led him to change the due dates and details of assignments. Several students said that they were unsure
of what was expected of them throughout the class. They thought the course could be improved if it
were better organized and structured. As the course is focused on programming, students should be
comfortable with doing so.
15
EN.550.413.01
Applied Statistics and Data Analysis
Ting Yang
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
Students said the course is a good introduction to practical applications of statistics and it provides good
experience doing programming with R. The professor included a lot of applied examples, but some
students said that the examples were not clear. Some felt that the course was not challenging enough
and that the professor did not have a strong enough grasp of the subject matter. Suggestions for
improvement included longer or more detailed lectures, and study guides to help students prepare for
exams. Prior experience coding with R would be helpful for this course.
EN.550.420.01-04
Intro to Probability
John Wierman
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were that the lecture materials were available online and that the
professor offered a lot of extra credit assignments. In addition, they said the TAs were very helpful.
Some students liked the professor's teaching style, while others found the PowerPoint presentations
boring. Many students wanted to have access to homework and exam answer keys for studying.
Students need a good knowledge of calculus before taking this course. Students suggested taking
advantage of extra credit opportunities and forming homework groups.
EN.550.427.01
Stochastic Processes and Applications to Finance
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
Students liked that the professor taught the materials in depth. They agreed that it was challenging, but
the professor was willing and available to help. Professor Athreya was organized and reviewed prior
content before each meeting. Some students thought the course relied too much on derivations and
proofs. The course was theory-heavy and some suggested that it should include more financial
applications. The course is demanding and requires a strong background in probability.
EN.550.433.01
Monte Carlo Methods
James Spall
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
16
Students found the material interesting and said the professor was engaging and passionate about the
topic. The course provided useful and practical skills. The homework was difficult, but helped students
understand the material. Suggestions for improvement included having sample exams or more
homework problems to prepare for exams. Students should have a strong background in probability and
experience with programming.
EN.550.436.01-02
Data Mining
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 3.74
Summary:
The course offers a good overview of data mining with some real-life applications. Students enjoyed the
assignments and said they helped them understand the material. However, some found the lectures
unclear and wished there was a textbook as an additional resource. Students should be familiar with R
programming for this course. The course does not go into advanced methods, so students looking for an
advanced course should take a different class.
EN.550.444.01-02
Introduction to Financial Derivatives
David Audley
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
Students said the course provides a good foundation in financial derivatives and that the course material
is very useful. They also found the textbook helpful and liked having the lecture slides available online.
Some thought the lectures taught with only PowerPoint slides were dry. They suggested that the course
could be improved by having more than just two exams. Prospective students should know that the
second half of the course goes faster than the first half, and they should be sure to keep up with the
readings and homework.
EN.550.446.01
Risk Measurement/Management in Financial Markets
David Audley
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the clear lectures that were filled with interesting and practical
content. Students said that the professor did a good job of connecting concepts to real-world problems.
Sometimes lectures were too PowerPoint-heavy and got boring. Suggestions for improvement included
covering less of the basic information and doing more hands-on projects. Overall, students
recommended the course for those interested in finance.
EN.550.450.01
Computational Molecular Medicine
17
Donald Geman
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The course covers methods in a cutting-edge field with many applications. Students liked how the
professor used current literature to demonstrate concepts. Some said that the professor was not very
accessible. Many felt overwhelmed and said the course should have had more prerequisites. A strong
statistics background is necessary and a biology background is also helpful. There are no exams and
grades are based only on homework assignments.
EN.550.461.01
Optimization in Finance
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.471.01
Combinatorial Analysis
Edward Scheinerman
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.480.01
Shape and Differential Geometry
Elie Younes
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.620.01
Probability Theory I
James Fill
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The professor is knowledgeable and the course efficiently teaches useful probability skills. Students
found it beneficial to do homework collaboratively. Many students did not like the PowerPoint format of
the lectures and wished the professor had written on the board more. Students also said that the
homework was graded harshly and they were not sure what was expected of them in terms of the
homework. Students considering taking this course should know that the prerequisites are very
important and they should expect a challenging course.
18
EN.550.630.01
Statistical Theory
Carey Priebe
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students said the course gave them a good understanding of statistical theory. They also enjoyed the
professor's enthusiasm. Negative aspects of the course were the heavy workload and the textbook.
Some students said the professor did not go into enough detail for some of the concepts. You should
have a solid background in probability and statistics before taking this course and students
recommended reading the textbook before class.
EN.550.642.01
Investment Science-Commodities as a Unique Asset Class
Helyette Geman
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students enjoyed the professor's lectures and got a good introduction to investment science. However,
because the course was so short, they felt rushed and students had to learn a lot of information in a
very short period. Students suggested making the course a full semester so that it would not be rushed.
They also wanted to have a textbook or a copy of the lecture notes available to make studying easier. As
the course is very intense, some students recommended taking it only if you already have some financial
experience.
EN.550.661.01
Foundations of Optimization
Daniel Robinson
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Students said the professor did a good job of explaining concepts and the professor, alongside the TA
were very accessible for extra help. They also liked the mix of theory and coding on the homework
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included more applications and projects to practice skills.
Some students wished the class had been less theoretical and more practical. Prospective students
should have a background in linear algebra and matrix analysis.
EN.550.666.01
Combinatorial Optimization
Rico Zenklusen
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
19
EN.550.671.01
Combinatorial Analysis
Edward Scheinerman
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.692.01
Matrix Analysis and Linear Algebra
Youngmi Hur
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
Students said the professor is a good lecturer and explained the theorems well. The material is relevant
to many other fields of research. The downsides were that homework was very time-consuming and the
solutions were not posted. Students suggested posting homework solutions or other solved problems
for study purposes. The course covers a broad range of topics and the workload is heavy. Students
would greatly benefit by having some background in linear algebra before taking this course.
EN.550.695.01
Advanced Parameterization in Science and Engineering
Gregory Eyink
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
20
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
ART DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.371.131.01-02
Studio Drawing I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the passionate and caring professor who provided a relaxing
atmosphere for students to learn how to draw. The constant homework and assignments provided an
avenue for students to practice their drawing abilities and improve their skills. The worst aspects of the
course included the lengthy class period and the somewhat costly art materials. The course would
improve if students were allowed more creativity with their assignments and if the assignments were
more creative. Prospective students should know that this class requires no previous art or drawing
experience, and if they take their time with the assignments they will see much improvement in their
work.
AS.371.133.01
Painting Workshop I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the enjoyable, hands-on learning experience where students got
exposure to different types of painting. Also, the professor was very helpful and students got the chance
to discover skills they didn't know they had. The worst aspects of this course included the lengthy class
sessions and the extra time outside of class that students had to allocate to their painting pieces. The
course would improve if the class time could be extended and perhaps split into two shorter periods, as
opposed to one lengthy class period per week. Prospective students should know that this is a very
rewarding painting course, which requires a lot of personal commitment in order for them to be
successful.
21
AS.371.134.01
Painting Workshop II
Barbara Gruber
Overall quality of this course: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.371.149.01
Visual Reality
D.S. Bakker
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the different art projects and the creative atmosphere that was
created for students. The worst aspect of this course was the amount of time needed to do the projects,
which moved quickly and felt rushed at times. The course would improve if less time were spent on
watching videos in class and perhaps more time were allotted to starting the projects ahead of time. The
students also recommend more introductions to different types of art through lessons and perhaps field
trips. Prospective students should know that this course requires no previous art background and is a
fun art class that will get them to think in new and exciting ways.
AS.371.151.01
Photoshop/Dig Darkroom
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 2.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-class photography and Photoshop lessons. The worst
aspect of the course was the professor's communication of the course material. The professor gave
unhelpful feedback to students, little guidance in the assignments, and generally graded very
subjectively. The course would improve if it were restructured with more organization and helpful
lessons for the students. Prospective students should be prepared to put in a good amount of time in
order for them to perform well.
AS.371.152.01
Introduction to Digital Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the useful photography lessons on and off campus, as well as
the useful Photoshop sessions. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of clarity on how to use
Photoshop. The students didn't have much in-depth knowledge of the Photoshop program before they
actually had to perform tasks with Photoshop. The course would improve if the students received more
22
feedback on their photography and if they received more instruction on how to use Photoshop.
Prospective students should know that no previous photography background is required, but they need
to practice with the camera outside of class and put effort in all of the photography assignments so they
can be successful in the course.
AS.371.162.01-02
Black & White: Digital Darkroom
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the field trips and the individual attention students received in
this photography class. The professor was very helpful and he made the class enjoyable for students by
encouraging their artistic sides. The worst aspects of the course included the time-consuming workload
and subjective grading. The students had to dedicate lots of time outside of class to their work and were
often unclear about the professor's expectations. The course would improve if there was more
emphasis on photography technicalities and if the students had more Photoshop tutorials. Prospective
students should expect a fun, but challenging photography class and be aware that what they learn in
the course will be a reflection of how much work they put in.
AS.371.164.01
Introduction to Printmaking
Larcia Premo
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the freedom students were given in their work. They were given the
freedom to choose the topics they wanted to work on and were also given the freedom to choose the
times they wanted to come into the studio to do their work. The worst aspects of the course included
the time consuming print projects, and the lack of sufficient materials needed to help them complete
their assignments. The course would improve if there were more in class supplies and if students had
more guidance on the projects. Prospective students should allot time outside of class to work on their
assignments in this enjoyable printmaking course.
AS.371.165.01
Location Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the field trips to different locations for photo shoots and the
opportunities that this class offered for students to be creative. The worst aspects of the course
included the in-class photo editing and the lab activities. Students found a lot of technicalities with the
photo-editing software, Lightroom and often had a difficult time keeping up. The course would improve
if students had more individualized attention with the professor, so that they could improve and learn
23
the techniques more effectively. The professor should also endeavor to spend more time discussing the
different photo editing programs. Prospective students should know that this fun course involves lots of
in-class photo editing labs and field trips.
AS.371.303.01
Documentary Photography
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the field trips and the hands-on learning structure. The students
were exposed to camera techniques and Adobe Photoshop through this class. The worst aspects of the
class were the overall lack of organization and ineffective use of class time. The course could be
improved if there was a little more focus on documentary photography so that students could improve
on their skills in the subject matter. Prospective students should know that no previous photography
experience is needed to take this course and they should set aside plenty of time to complete the final
project.
24
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
BEHAVIORAL BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.290.101.01
Human Origins
Peter Holland
Overall quality of the class: 4.02
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that need-to-know content was readily available to students in the
form of detailed PowerPoint's and Podcasts. Students appreciated that Professor Holland led such
engaging lectures and found that his enthusiasm for the subject made all the difference. The majority of
students felt that the worst aspect of the course was the seemingly necessary memorization factor that
was especially crucial to do well on the exams. Also, students expressed the challenge of getting through
the lectures because the class was so lengthy. Prospective students should know that because the
course covers a substantial amount of information, a great deal of time is required to retain it.
Additionally, students should be mindful that grades are based solely on exams.
AS.290.301.01
Stress and the Brain
Farrah Madison
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the wide range of content that was incorporated into the lectures.
Students also enjoyed presenting their personal ideas and research projects to the class. The worst
aspect of this course was the length of the lectures, which made it difficult for many students to remain
focused. Student presentations were supposed to enhance discussion, but seemed to disengage the
class more. Students suggested having the class twice a week, to spread learning out. Also, students
suggested having more graded assignments, like quizzes, to better gauge their progress in the course.
Prospective students would greatly benefit by having a background in neuroscience or biology. Students
also noted that Dr. Madison graded very fairly and was always willing to help students in need.
AS.290.420.01
25
Human Sexual Orientation
Chris Kraft
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was Dr. Kraft's ability to present an enjoyable lecture with expert
knowledge. Students found his personal anecdotes to be an insightful supplement. However, many
students felt that the worst aspect of the course was that the instructor insisted on incorporating his
personal opinions into discussion. Also, students did not like that there was an imbalance in the time
spent on topics discussed in class. To improve this class, students suggested that the syllabus be more
detailed and concise, so that students know what is expected of them. Students also suggested that the
class should have a more accurate course description. Students should go to the class with an open
mind, as topics can be controversial.
AS.290.490.01
Sr Sem : Behavioral Bio
Peter Holland
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the student's ability to take the course in their own direction, through
self-chosen topics and subsequent group discussions. Students noted that they appreciated getting
feedback from not only from Professor Holland, but their peers as well. The worst aspect of the course
was that in many cases the discussion felt forced and some students didn't even bother to actively
participate. A suggestion for improvement would be to have a later class meeting. Prospective students
should know that the weekly readings are incorporated into discussions, so it is important to keep up
with them.
AS.290.490.02
Sr Sem : Behavioral Bio
Gregory Ball
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was getting exposed to the different fields of behavioral biology. Students
also enjoyed the close-knit discussion that was possible because of the small class size. The worst aspect
of the course was only having one scheduled meeting every week, which often left conversation feeling
rushed. Suggestions for improving the course was to give the students more input on readings and
possibly more insight on shaping a future that incorporates behavioral biology. Prospective students
should always come prepared to engage in discussion.
26
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.020.104.01
Fresh Sem: From Genes to DNA and Back
E Moudrianakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was its open forum style. Students were allowed to take control of the
class by initiating and leading the discussions. The worst aspects of the course included the often
repetitive information and un-engaging conversations students were permitted to initiate themselves.
Many students felt like the course could have been improved if the professor offered students a variety
of materials to help them learn the subject as opposed to just having student presentations. Future
students should be aware that this class is mostly based on class discussions and presentations. They
should endeavor to always be present in class and do the readings as the professor is able to tell who
has come to class prepared and who has not.
AS.020.106.01
Fresh Sem: Tuberculosis
Robert Horner
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the assigned reading articles and weekly class discussions.
Students felt drawn to the very knowledgeable professor who showed enthusiasm for research and also
gave students introductory insight into the world of research. The worst aspect of the class was the lack
of hands-on activities. Students felt like they didn't have enough assignments to test their knowledge of
the subject and that there was not much feedback on the few assignments they were given. The class
would be improved if students received feedback on their assignments and presentations. Future
students are encouraged to take this course, as the reading is light yet fascinating, and well correlated to
the world of science.
AS.020.117.01
27
Molecular Biology of Aging
Sarah Soper
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the fresh new topics presented weekly by a very enthusiastic
professor. Students enjoyed the class format of both discussion and lecture. The worst aspect of the
course was the fast pace of the lectures because students often had a difficult time catching up. Many
students also felt like the lectures were incoherent and incomplete, making it difficult for them to
complete their homework assignments. The course could be improved if it was a bit shorter and if the
professor took time to better organize her thoughts in order to present the information more clearly.
Prospective students should know that this course goes in-depth into interesting scientific processes and
they should prepare to do a sizeable amount of weekly reading and homework.
AS.020.135.01-02
Project Lab: Phage Hunting
Emily Fisher, Joel Schildbach
Overall quality of the class: 4.95
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the incredible hands-on experience students got to have in
microbiology. Students were given the freedom to do independent research by two very approachable
professors. While most students loved the course, they found the labs frustrating because they were
often thrown into the experiments with little instruction and a short time constraint. The class could be
improved if more teaching assistants were available because the large class size made it hard for
everyone to understand the instructions. The class could also be improved if there was some kind of
pre-lab lecture that helped streamline the experiments before they had to be performed. Prospective
students should know that this is a great course which offers hands-on microbiology experience and
requires no prior experience.
AS.020.151.01
General Biology I
Richard McCarty, Rebecca Pearlman, Christov Roberson, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
For a very large class with so much content to cover, it was very interactive and the professors were very
knowledgeable. The best aspect of the course was the extra resources made available to assist students
outside of class, such as Bio-Portal. The worst aspect of the course was the large amount of material
covered in a short period of time. Students felt the professor covered too much in a short period of time
and as a result missed many crucial topics. The class could be greatly improved if the lectures were
slowed down and information was more spread out. Prospective students should understand that the
course is intense and a lot of extra studying will be of great benefit because there is a lot is covered.
AS.020.151.02
28
General Biology I
Richard McCarty, Christov Roberson, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the extra tools the professor provided for students. There were many
PowerPoint's, notes, diagrams, and online portals to help students better understand the content. The
worst aspects of the course included the biome assignments, which many felt were not relevant, and
the overload of information in such a short period of time. The class could be improved if there was less
emphasis on assignments and more emphasis on the teachings. Prospective students should understand
that this is a typical college biology class, which requires a lot of reading and extra studying. There is a
lot to cover and students should be sure to take advantage of office hours in order to help them stay on
top of the work.
AS.020.153.01-06
General Biology Lab I
Rebecca Pearlman
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the active and fun labs in which students got to experience biology
hands-on. The worst aspects of the course included the disorganized teaching assistants, unproductive
flowcharts, and often unclear lab instructions. The course would be improved if it were more organized
and if the lab instructions/manuals were gone over in detail before students began the labs. Prospective
students should know that this is a strictly experimental course. They will definitely be successful and
enjoy the course if they follow the instructions and complete all the lab experiments thoroughly.
AS.020.161.01
Biology Workshop I
Rebecca Pearlman
Overall quality of the class: 3.41
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the guest speakers and the interactive class discussions. The
worst aspect of the course was the professor's lack of communication with students. Many felt that she
never responded to emails and that the course had no new biology material to offer. To improve the
class, students suggested covering more topics and giving more structure to the class assignments.
Prospective students should know that this is an extremely basic but fun biology course and it will be
what the student makes of it.
AS.020.305.01
Biochemistry
Emily Fisher, R Blake Hill, Vincent Hilser, Kathryn Tifft
29
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
Students found that recitations were helpful and provided a good opportunity to reinforce their
knowledge. There was never an issue with contacting one of the multiple professors for outside help;
they were always available and were genuinely invested in helping students. The worst aspect of the
course was that even with the lengthy and fast paced lecture, students felt like there was not ample
time to cover such a great deal of information. Many students found a certain level of disconnect
between the depth of the material covered in class and the exam. Suggestions for improvement
included more streamlined preparation for exams and providing more relevant practice questions.
Prospective students should take advantage of the different opportunities to understand the
information and be prepared for a fast paced learning environment that will be rather demanding.
AS.020.307.01
Enzymes, Metabolism and Metabolic Disorders
Young-Sam Lee
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interaction facilitated by Professor Lee who was really concerned
with the overall understanding of the discussed concepts. Students enjoyed researching and discussing
current topics in the field. The worst aspect of the course was the limited distribution of grades and the
flow of the lectures. Improvements could be made by giving students more graded assignments as an
opportunity to spread out the weight of grades. Prospective students should be aware that this course
requires critical thinking and active participation to do well.
AS.020.315.01-10
Biochemistry Lab
Robert Horner
Overall quality of the class: 3.21
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was reinforcing general biochemistry concepts, while becoming familiar
with lab equipment and basic lab techniques. Most students also found the TA's extremely well-
informed and helpful, especially for understanding lab procedures. The worst aspects were that the
workload was way too heavy for a two credit course and grades were heavily based on the practical.
Students found that many labs experiments involved an unproductive period of waiting for results which
were required to continue. Students also suggested that weekly quizzes be restructured to provide more
benefit than burden. Prospective students should be prepared for weekly lab reports and quizzes.
AS.020.317.01
Signaling in Development and Disease
Rejji Kuruvilla
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
30
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was Professor Kuruvilla's refined background in the subject that drove an
enlightening lecture. Students appreciated the logical lecture structure that always explored topics in
detail. The worst aspect was the exam quality, which many students found to contradict the normal
caliber of learning in the course. Suggestions for improving the class were to restructure the tests and
better balance the time spent covering topics. Prospective students should know that being
knowledgeable in biochemistry, cell biology, and nervous systems prior to the course is beneficial to
success.
AS.020.329.01
Microbiology
Jocelyne Diruggiero, Emily Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interesting material that was explored through the selection of
journal articles. Students found that the professors did a good job at relating reading materials to real-
life examples. The worst aspect was that there was an extensive amount of assigned readings, which
subsequently led to an extensive amount of discussion. A suggestion for improvement was to find a
better balance of day to day activities, so that all the material could be covered. Prospective students
should know that this class is extremely reading intensive, so they must set aside ample time for
reading.
AS.020.330.01
Genetics
Kyle Cunningham, Myles Hoyt
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intellectually stimulating lectures on diverse topics and
homework assignments that really helped reinforce the material. On the other hand, many students did
not enjoy the homework assignments and felt like a lack of clarity made them difficult to complete
successfully. Students also found that the TA's were not always available or helpful when it came to
providing critical feedback. The course could be improved if it were equipped with more skillful TA's and
better prepared students for the exams. Prospective students should know that it easy to fall behind,
but with ample practice and study, success is attainable.
AS.020.331.01
Human Genetics
Edward Hedgecock
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were that the course load was relatively light and the reduced pressure of
grading made the course much more enjoyable throughout. Students enjoyed the ability to pick their
31
own presentation topics. The worst aspect was that the style of the course couldn't help but be
somewhat bland. Suggestions for improvement were to have more lecturers that engaged the class.
Students also suggested having more concise guidelines on what was expected for presentations.
Prospective students should know that this course has an easy workload with very few assignments.
AS.020.334.01
Planets, Life and the Universe
Jocelyne Diruggiero, Naomi Levin, Colin Norman
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was hearing the different guest lecturers share their expertise in
particular fields, which always kept the class fascinated. Students enjoyed exploring a culmination of
topics. Many students noticed that some of the lecturers' material overlapped and that class seemed to
lack organization at times. A suggestion for improvement was to inform lecturers of topics previously
discussed, to avoid overlap of material and allow time to learn new things. Students also suggested
incorporating more discussion into the course. Prospective students should know that all branches of
science are discussed, so a little background is good.
AS.020.340.01-03;07
Genetics Lab
Carolyn Norris
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the application of relevant genetic research that was insightful and
enjoyable. Students found Professor Norris and the TA's to be very helpful and hands-on. Many
students noticed a certain level of disorganization in the beginning stages of labs, which wasted valuable
time and left things feeling very rushed. Also, students found the quizzes rather difficult. Suggestions for
improvement included having materials prepared well in advance and providing clearer guidelines for
grading. Prospective students should be ready to devote time outside of scheduled labs to come in and
get work done. Some previous lab experience is not necessary, but beneficial to success.
AS.020.379.01
Evolution
Carolyn Norris
Overall quality of the class: 3.66
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interesting subject matter that seeded extensive discussions
throughout the class. Students enjoyed hearing from not only Professor Norris, but ideas from their
peers as well. Many students found that the course lacked organization and was too loosely structured
in regards to graded material. Suggestions for improvement included increased organization of lectures
and more feedback on individual progression in the course. Prospective students should know that
32
grades are heavily based on exams and that the course carries a light workload, but requires self-
sufficiency.
AS.020.380.01
Eukaryotic Molecular Biology
Karen Beemon, E Moudrianakis, David Zappulla
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting and engaging class discussions as well as the
cutting edge material students got to learn about. The worst aspects of this course included the weak
discussions and inconsistency between professors regarding their lecture presentations and
expectations. The course would be improved if the exams and lectures were more consistent between
all three professors. Prospective students should know that this is a useful course that requires some
previous knowledge of biology and covers a lot of content. Successful students will be the ones who
keep up with the readings and the class discussions.
AS.020.420.01
Build-a-Genome
Joel Bader, Jef Boeke, Marc Ostermeier, Karen Zeller
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.020.441.01-02
Mentoring in Biology
Rebecca Pearlman, Christov Roberson, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interaction between students who understood biology on
different levels. Many students got to help one another while reinforcing their own knowledge of the
biological concepts. The worst aspects of the course included the periodically hectic mentoring sessions
and lack of attendance in other sessions. The course would be improved if mentors were provided with
outlines to help students and if there were better incentives for the students to come to the mentoring
sessions. Prospective students should know that the course is a great tutoring experience. Those who
want to help others should be not only committed to the course, but very familiar with the content.
33
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.580.111.01-25
BME Modeling & Design
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
The course is a good introduction to Biomedical Engineering and is not too difficult. Students enjoyed
designing hands-on projects and working in teams. They said that some of the TAs were not very helpful
and the requirements for lab reports were not always clear. Some students suggested more structure
and guidance to improve the course. Since it is based on small group projects, the quality of the class
depends heavily on your group and your TA. Students should know that the class requires some physics
knowledge and is quite time-consuming.
EN.580.211.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
Students enjoyed working on real-life engineering applications in small teams. The class enjoyed
designing and developing a fully-functional medical device. Some felt that the lectures were not useful
and that the course was poorly organized. Students also thought the grading was unfair and suggested
that it could be more objective. The course is time-consuming and it is important to work well with your
team in order to succeed.
EN.580.221.01-04
Molecules & Cells
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 3.72
34
Summary:
Students said the material was interesting and they enjoyed learning about different areas of biomedical
engineering from different guest lecturers. They also liked that the lectures were videotaped and put
online. However, many students said the lectures were too fast-paced and confusing. They suggested
that the course could be improved if it were more organized and if the homework questions related
more to what was covered in the lectures. They also felt it was unclear what would be on the exams and
that the grading was sometimes unfair. The course definitely requires a background in biology, so it is
best if students have taken AP bio or an introductory college biology course.
EN.580.311.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.42
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included, working in teams, getting hands-on design experience, and
working with outside sponsors. Students said the grading criteria for presentations were not clear, and
the judging was too subjective. They also said the lectures were not always interesting or useful. The
course could be improved by better organization and more feedback on presentations. This course
requires a lot of time outside of class, but it is worthwhile.
EN.580.321.01-04
Statistical Mechanics and Thermodynamics
Michael Beer
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
Students said that the course material was interesting and the knowledgeable Professor Beer, always
made sure students understood tough concepts. The course was well-organized. The weekly quizzes
ensured students kept up with the material. Sometimes the PowerPoint slides were overwhelming and
hard to follow. Students suggested splitting up the slides or writing out examples on the blackboard
instead of using PowerPoint. It is a difficult and fast-paced course, but if you keep up with the reading
and work you can succeed.
EN.580.411.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
Students enjoyed working in teams to solve real-world engineering problems. They said the best aspect
was designing something from start to finish. The negative aspects were that the lectures were not very
useful or relevant to the projects. Suggestions for improvement included giving students better
guidance for projects and better feedback on presentations. The course is a lot of work, but will give you
good design experience.
35
EN.580.413.01
Design-Team, Team Leader
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The good parts of this course were getting hands-on experience and working with other talented
students. However, students said it was poorly organized and that the judging of presentations was
unfair. They suggested that the course could be improved by better grading and more feedback on
graded assignments. They also said the lectures were not really necessary and could be shortened or
eliminated. The course has a heavy workload, but can be very rewarding.
EN.580.421.01-04
Systems Bioengineering I
Natalia Trayanova
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The course provides an in-depth explanation of the cardiovascular system. Some students liked having
several professors teach the course, but others thought it made the class harder due to their different
teaching styles. Students said that the course could be improved if only one or two professors taught
the course. They also said that the homework was too long and they needed more critical feedback on
all assignments. Students should expect a difficult course with a heavy workload.
EN.580.423.01-04
Systems Bioengineering Lab I
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The lab provides hands-on practice of the concepts learned in class and students said the content
corresponded well to the lectures. They said the labs were fun and they liked dissecting frogs. Some of
the labs were poorly organized and some of the TAs were not well informed about how the labs should
proceed. Students suggested that the expectations for lab reports should be clearer. Prospective
students should know that the labs are not too difficult, but you should read the pre-lab materials to
make the labs go smoother.
EN.580.429.01-04
Systems Bioengineering III
Joel Bader
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
36
Students noted that the professor is a good teacher who explains the course concepts well. The course
is not too difficult and has a reasonable workload that is relatable to lecture. As for negative aspects, the
professor is somewhat disorganized and the workload was inconsistent from week to week. Suggestions
for improvement included better lecture notes and better overall organization. Students said that exams
were similar to material covered in lectures and homework, so one should be sure to complete and
study them beforehand.
EN.580.441.01
Cellular Engineering
Jordan Green, Kevin Yarema
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
Students noted that the professors were good lecturers and the topics were interesting. However, there
are two professors and students said that their lectures sometimes were not connected and the course
felt a bit scattered. Many students found homework to be difficult, especially MATLAB-based
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included making the two professors lectures more
integrated and having TAs who were more familiar with MATLAB. Students should be prepared to do a
lot of work for this course and they should have some experience with MATLAB.
EN.580.471.02
Princ BME Instrumentation
Nitish Thakor
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
Students noted that this was a well-taught, hands-on course. They enjoyed the projects and said the TAs
were very helpful. On the downside, the professor was sometimes inaccessible and quizzes were
difficult. Students suggested improving the quizzes and giving more time to work on the projects.
Overall, students recommended the course and thought it was a great class. If you are interested in
device design and development you will enjoy the course.
EN.580.472.01
Topics - Med Imaging Sys
Jerry Prince
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
Students enjoyed the material and said the professor was very knowledgeable. Some students thought
the lectures were dry. They also commented that the exams were harder than expected and it was
sometimes unclear what would be tested. Suggestions for improvement included making the exams less
difficult and giving more guidance on student expectations. Students taking this course should have a
strong math background and be prepared for a challenging course.
EN.580.580.01
37
Senior Design Project
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.23
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were working on independent projects and getting the freedom to
design a project of students choosing. The negative aspects were the lack of guidance from the
professor and his inaccessibility. Students suggested that the course would be improved by more
communication with the professor and better structure of the course. Students should know that the
course has a high level of independent work. Students in this course need to set their own schedule and
be very responsible for their work.
EN.580.605.01
Business of Bioengineering Innovation and Design
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.611.01
Medical Device Design and Innovation
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.619.01
Bioengineering Innovation and Design - Global Health
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.621.01
Insight Informed Innovation
Brandon Craft, Paul Fearis
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
This class had 5 or fewer responses.
EN.580.626.01
Structure & Function of the Auditory and Vestibular Brain
Xiaoqin Wang, Eric Young
38
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
This class had 5 or fewer responses.
EN.580.639.01
Models of the Neuron
Eric Young
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
Students noted that they enjoyed the course, having been provided an in-depth overview of neural
models with a good mix of theory and practical applications. The negative aspects of the course were
the heavy workload and the overwhelming amount of material covered. Some students said it was hard
to keep up and they felt they did not absorb all of the concepts. Students suggested reviewing the
material more thoroughly with the TAs or having fewer assignments. This is a tough course, but it is very
rewarding if you are interested in the topic.
EN.580.641.01
Cellular Engineering
Jordan Green, Kevin Yarema
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the wide range of material covered, interesting lectures, and
inclusion of current research. Students commented that the workload was much heavier than expected
and was too much for a 3-credit course. They suggested making the two professors' lectures more
cohesive. Students who are considering taking this course should have some experience with MATLAB,
as the course is programming-heavy. They should also expect to spend a lot of time on homework
assignments, as they can be drawn out.
EN.580.690.01
Systems Biology of Cell Regulation
Andre Levchenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
Students enjoyed the professor's enthusiastic teaching style and said the course covered a broad range
of interesting material. Some students thought the course went over information too quickly and did not
go into enough depth. Suggestions for improvement included going over some of the concepts in
greater depth and using blackboard in place of PowerPoint slides. Overall, students said this course was
a good introduction to systems biology. Students should know that some prior knowledge of
mathematical concepts and programming will be beneficial and they should be prepared to take in a lot
of information.
39
EN.580.718.01
Advanced Seminars in Integrative and Systems Biology
Andre Levchenko
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.736.01
Distinguished Lecture Series in Computational Medicine
Feilim Mac Gabhann, Sridevi Sarma
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.738.01
Advanced Seminars in Cardiac Electrophysiology and Mechanics
Natalia Trayanova
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.748.01
Advanced Seminars in Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Elliot McVeigh
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.580.771.01
Prin-BME Instrumentation
Nitish Thakor
Overall quality of the class: 4.0
The best aspect of this course was the hands-on experience gained from labs and projects. As for a
negative aspect, students said that the lectures were not helpful or relevant to the lab projects. They
also found the quizzes overly difficult. Students suggested having the lectures include more examples to
make them more relevant to the labs. Students considering this course should know that it is a very
hands-on course. Also, it is helpful to have some experience with circuits; if you do not have circuit
experience, you may need to do some extra studying outside of class to keep up.
40
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
BIOPHYSICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.250.131.01
Tpcs-Biophysics Research
Richard Cone, Karen Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
This course provided a relaxed introduction to biophysics. The professors engaged students in
interesting yet laid back lectures on various topics. The worst aspect of the course was the once-a-week
meeting time, which limited the amount of learning being received and gave little room for content
retention. Most students felt the course would be improved if it met more times a week for shorter
periods of time so they could get more in-depths knowledge of certain topics. Prospective students
should be happy to know they will be in a relaxed and enjoyable course, and as long as they attend class
regularly and complete all assignments, they will be successful.
AS.250.205.01
Introduction to Computing
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
Students enjoyed the well-paced teaching style because it ensured that everyone was actually learning
the material. Many students felt they learned a lot through the professor and the daily assigned labs.
The worst aspect of the course was the professor's inability to stick to the syllabus throughout the
semester. The course could have been improved if students had a teaching assistant to help them
understand some of the concepts. Prospective students should know that this is a practical course that
will definitely teach them basic programming. It may get frustrating at times, but as long as they apply
what they learn to the best of their knowledge, they are sure to be successful.
AS.250.345.01
Cellular/Molecular Phys.
Richard Cone
41
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
Students really liked the professor, who presented interesting material regularly and kept students
enthusiastic about physiology by encouraging questions and thinking outside the box. The worst aspects
of this course included the lack of feedback on homework assignments and the absence of supporting
materials to help students study for exams. The class could improve if students received more feedback
on their homework and extra guidance before tests and quizzes. Prospective students should know that
this is a great course with great material. If they take advantage of the relaxed class setting and ask
questions, they will do well.
AS.250.351.01
Reproductive Physiology
Richard Cone, Barry Zirkin
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the engaging and extremely enthusiastic professors. They made
learning about reproductive physiology fun and efficient. The worst aspects of the course included the
limited number of exams and assignments to help one's grades. Students felt extra pressure to do well
on the only two exams available because they were the only grades that could be applied for them. The
class could improve if the professor didn't cover just basic material in class and if more assignments or
quizzes were given to help students better grasp the content. Prospective students should know that
this is one of the most interesting biology courses, and if they attend all lectures and come ready to
learn, they will surely be successful.
AS.250.353.01
Computational Biology
Patrick Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the integration of the professor's lectures with actual hands-on
computer simulation. The worst aspects of this course were the daunting labs and concepts. The class
would be improved if the professor spent a little more time on programing so that students would
properly grasp the material. Prospective students should have an open-mind and be willing to learn the
biological concepts attached to the course. It is very laid back and fun, but if students don't study hard,
they will have difficulty with the labs and exams.
AS.250.381.01
Spectroscopy and Its Application in Biophysical Reactions
Juliette Lecomte
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
42
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professor's effective teaching of a challenging subject. Students
appreciated the professor's helpfulness and passion in ensuring they really learned the material. The
worst aspect of the course was the level of difficulty many students faced with some of the topics and
concepts. There also were not enough supporting notes to help students with difficult concepts. The
course could improve if the lecturers provided students with clear lecture notes and also livened up the
class through participation and practical examples. Prospective students should know that much of this
course involves extremely difficult material and although the information is interesting, much reading
and practice will help them keep up.
AS.250.383.01
Molecular Interactions Laboratory
Karen Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
43
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: ARABIC DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.375.115.02-03
First Year Arabic
Fadel Abdallah, Khalil Tahrawi
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the overall excitement of learning a new language and the very
passionate professors. The class size wasn't very large which made it easy for students to participate and
interact with one another. The worst aspects of the course included the sometimes confusing lectures
and the lack of structure. Many students felt like they were all on different levels in terms of their
language skill and that the professors needed to be more aware of that. The class would be improved if
the lessons were more structured with more oral and reading practice. Prospective students should
know that this is an enjoyable class, but they will really have to spend time studying the language,
especially if they have no previous background in Arabic.
AS.375.215.01-02
Second Year Arabic
Fadel Abdallah
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the friendly and approachable professor. He provided useful notes
and handouts for students to learn the material. The worst aspect of the course was that students often
forgot what was taught right away because there were few follow-up assignments. The course would be
improved if students were actually forced to retain the new language and information through more
graded assignments. The course would also improve if there were more in-class speaking practice so
students could be corrected on their mistakes. Prospective students should know that the course has a
light workload, but they have to be self-motivated to learn the language and be successful in this course.
AS.375.301.01
Third Year Arabic
44
Fadel Abdallah
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lessons and teachings throughout the semester. Students
enjoyed the friendly professor and the manageable workload. Students disliked the textbook and also
felt there was not enough conversational language practice in class. The class would improve if there
were less emphasis on the textbook and more emphasis on the actual spoken language. Prospective
students should know that this course is a lot more advanced than Arabic I and they will need to put in a
lot of extra study time in order to truly learn the language.
AS.375.401.01
Fourth Year Arabic
Khalil Tahrawi
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
45
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: CHINESE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.373.111.01-02
First Year Heritage Chinese
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the very enthusiastic professor who was always open to suggestions
from the students. It was an exciting course with enough quizzes to refresh students on all the new
information they were constantly learning. The worst aspect of the course was the way the professor
taught grammar. Many felt the professor needed to restructure the way she taught Chinese grammar
and possibly find a textbook that also better taught grammar. This class could also improve if more
exercises were tailored to grammar and students were not made to cram large amounts of information
in short periods of time. Prospective students need to know that the course is fun and engaging, but
they will have to study and cram for lots of tests and quizzes.
AS.373.115.01-04
First Year Chinese
Lu Li, Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
Students appreciated the well thought-out structure of the class. Students were pushed to learn and
practice speaking Chinese by the weekly quizzes and assignments. The worst aspects of the course
included the repetitive style of teaching and the overload of assignments. Many students felt the
grading was too harsh because of the short amount of time allotted to learn the Chinese vocabulary.
Many students felt the course could have been improved if more time was given to complete the
assignments so that they could also use those assignments to study for the quizzes. Prospective
students should know that the work is very intensive and that they should give themselves a substantial
amount of study time outside of the classroom.
46
AS.373.211.01-02
Second Year Heritage Chinese
Aiguo Chen
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interactive lectures and the class presentations. The worst
aspects of the course included the disorganization and obvious lack of planning. Students were often
unclear about assignments and the grading systems. The class would be tremendously improved if the
professor could clearly state his expectations for assignments and have a more organized schedule for
the course. Prospective students should know that it is an interesting but time consuming class that
requires a lot of studying and memorization.
AS.373.215.01-03
Second Year Chinese
Aiguo Chen, Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the engaging and stimulating class conversations. The professors
were patient and showed a genuine interest in all of their students. The worst aspects of this course
included the fast pace of learning, which at times prevented students from grasping everything they
were meant to learn. The class could be improved if there were more opportunities for conversation
and more activities for students to apply what they were learning, opposed to just completing
assignments for the sake of a grade. Prospective students should know that they have to do a lot of
independent studying as the course is extremely time-consuming.
AS.373.313.01
Third Year Heritage Chinese
Aiguo Chen
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful professor and the supplementary materials like
videos and slides to help practice Chinese. The worst aspects of the course included the rushed pace of
the learning and the onslaught of assignments. The course could have been improved if the professor
offered more quizzes that covered less material. The students also recommended that the professor
slow down and try to teach at a more suitable pace. Prospective students should anticipate new
information every week and make the effort to look at the extra study materials provided.
AS.373.315.01
Third Year Chinese
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
47
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the enthusiastic professor who kept her students engaged and made
sure they understood the material every step of the way. The worst aspects of this course included the
lack of a textbook and that the professor was vague at times. The course could be improved if the class
size was smaller and the instructor assigned a textbook as a guide for students. Prospective students
should know that they will learn a lot from a great professor. There is a lot of vocabulary memorization,
but students who put in the effort to study will be successful.
AS.373.415.01
Fourth Year Chinese
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the passionate professor who showed concern for the development
of her students. The course was interactive and there was effective use of different teaching techniques.
However, many students felt the course progressed very slowly. Students felt like they were not learning
as much new Chinese as they could have. The course could have been greatly improved if perhaps there
was a textbook and more structure in the way things were taught to the students. Prospective students
should know that there will be a mixed level of skill in the classroom.
48
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: HEBREW DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.384.115.01
First Year Hebrew
Zvi Cohen
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
This course provided a good introduction to Hebrew. Students said the textbook was helpful and they
also had a lot of opportunities to speak with the professor. The downsides of the course were that the
professor taught right from the textbook and students were often not prepared for the quizzes and
exams. Students suggested that the class could be more interactive and dynamic, especially considering
the small class size. Students should know that the class meets four times a week and is fairly intensive,
but they will learn a lot of the language in one semester.
49
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: HINDI DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.381.101.01-02
Beginning Hindi I
Uma Saini
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size and the interactive dialogue between
students and the professor. Students felt the professor showed a genuine interest in their language
progression. The negative parts of the course were the occasional diversion from the syllabus and lack of
clarity in some assignments. Students recommended incorporating more speaking practice and
resources like Hindi movies to make the class more engaging. Prospective students should know that
this is a great class that will offer insight into not only Hindi language, but also culture.
AS.381.201.01
Intermediate Hindi I
Uma Saini
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the warm and encouraging professor who taught in an enjoyable and
rich format. The worst aspects of the course included the syllabus and the often unclear due dates.
What would improve the course is more practice of the Hindi language and a more concise syllabus with
proper due dates. It would also help if students were all at a similar level of Hindi. Prospective students
should know that Hindi is a great language to learn and they will learn a lot with this passionate and fair
professor.
50
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: JAPANESE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.378.115.01-03
First Year Japanese
Mayumi Johnson, Makiko Nakao
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the approachable professors, and interactive class sessions,
which gave students lots of opportunities to practice the language. The worst aspects of the course
included the fast pace and the heavy workload. The course would be improved if some of the quizzes
were replaced with more assignments and there was more review and clarification about quizzes before
they were given. Prospective students should know that this is a great course, but very fast paced and
will require a lot of time outside of class.
AS.378.215.02
Second Year Japanese
Mayumi Johnson, Satoko Katagiri
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
One of the best aspects of this course was the class format of both conversational sessions and grammar
sessions. Students felt this structure helped them learn the language and actually use it practically in
conversational class sessions. The worst aspect of the course was the fast paced teaching style, which
some students felt made them fall behind with little room for catching up. The class would improve if
students had more opportunities to practice the language through more assignments, vocabulary
reviews, and quiz reviews. Prospective students should know that this is a rapid-paced Japanese course
and previous Japanese background paired with a lot of hard work will help them be successful in the
course.
AS.378.315.01
Third Year Japanese
Satoko Katagiri
51
Overall quality of the class: 2.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class setting and the cultural enrichment the class
provided. The worst aspects of the course included the disorganized class sessions and the assignments
that often lacked direction. The course would improve if there was more structure and new things were
taught regularly. Students felt like there was no organization because they were not really being
engaged on their level of understanding through focused in-class assignments. Prospective students
should know this is not the best course to take if they want to advance in their level of Japanese.
However, if students take advantage of previously-acquired Japanese material, attend every class, and
study for the quizzes, they are sure to be successful.
52
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: KOREAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.380.101.01
First Year Korean
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the warm and receptive professor, who made students feel
comfortable when approaching her with questions. The students received a lot of feedback on their
assignments and enjoyed the classroom atmosphere. The worst aspects of the course included some of
the course materials like the textbook and the PowerPoint's because students felt they were very
abstract. Students felt that the course could improve if it met more often. It could also improve if the
professor didn't use any vocabulary or dialogue that students were not familiar with during discussions
as it often caused confusion. Prospective students should know that this is an exciting class to take and
that they should be prepared to practice the language often so that they can become familiar with it.
AS.380.201.01
Second Year Korean
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the kind and engaging professor, the class discussions, and the
assignments, which were helpful for learning the language. The worst aspect of this course was that
students were on different levels in their knowledge of the Korean language, which made classroom
discussions and participation difficult at times. The course would improve if there were discussions
outside of the class to help students really learn the vocabulary and grammar. Prospective students
should know that this is a great course which is properly structured to help them become successful in
learning the Korean language. Some previous background of the Korean language and culture is advised
because of the level of difficulty.
AS.380.301.01
53
Third Year Korean
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
54
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: RUSSIAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.377.131.01
Elements of Russian I
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interactive class sessions and the extremely engaging
professor. Students felt the professor did a really great job in presenting the language in such a way that
they were able to learn so much in such a short time. The worst aspect of this course was the daily
homework assignments as they were difficult for some to keep up with. While most found the course to
be satisfactory, some suggested a little more assistance with the language in the form of exercises and
tutors. Prospective students should know that this is a great course with a lot of work, but those who
work hard will definitely see improvement in their knowledge of the language.
AS.377.208.01
Int Intermediate Russian
Annalisa Czeczulin
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the small class size which allowed students to get plenty of
individualized attention. The professor was very knowledgeable and was always willing to help students
with the language. The worst aspect of the course was the heavy focus on grammar. The course would
improve if students had more homework and assignments to help them retain and reinforce the
language, as opposed to just constant grammar exercises. Prospective students should be aware that
this course involves lots of daily work that is sure to help them with the Russian language if they stay on
top of it.
AS.377.211.01
Intro to Russian Lit I
Olya Samilenko
55
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.377.395.01
Seminar I: Russian Theater
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting readings and class discussions. Also, the
professor showed enthusiasm for the class and was very knowledgeable about the language. The worst
aspects of the course included the writing assignments and the occasionally difficult readings. The
course would improve if more time was spent on analyzing the readings and if students received more
clarity on how to approach the essay assignments. Prospective students should be prepared for a great
class with lots of challenging but interesting readings.
56
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.540.101.01
Chemical Eng Today
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 3.84
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the lectures from experts on various careers in the field. Students also
liked getting feedback on preparing resumes. Some students found the lectures to be boring and did not
know what to expect for the final exam. Suggestions for improvement included more varied speakers
and more guidelines as to what to study for the exam. Overall, the course provides interesting views on
careers in the field and has a light workload.
EN.540.202.01-02
Intro Chem & Bio Process
Lise Dahuron, Jeffrey Gray
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The course is a good introduction to chemical engineering concepts. Students enjoyed working in small
groups to review and reinforce the material. The downsides were the heavy workload and the timing of
assignments. Some students suggested that the homework assignments should be shorter and graded
less harshly. Students should know that the course is very challenging. Students are recommended to
work in groups and to get assistance from the TAs.
EN.540.203.01
Engineering Thermodynamics
Michael Bevan
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
57
Students enjoyed the interesting material and found the homework assignments useful for learning
concepts. However, they often found the lectures often boring and said the professor was not good at
answering questions effectively. Many students did not like the PowerPoint format of the lectures and
suggested that the professor should have gone over more examples in class. Students considering this
course should know that it requires a lot of math and problem-solving. It is a challenging course with a
fairly heavy workload.
EN.540.204.01
Applied Physical Chemistry
David Gracias
Overall quality of the class: 3.09
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting subject matter and the professor provided useful lecture notes. As for
negative aspects, some students felt there were not enough preparation materials like reviews or
homework assignments. In addition, many considered the grading policy unfair. Suggestions for
improvement included giving partial credit on exams and more practice problems to do before exams.
Students recommended buying the solutions manual and doing all the practice problems in the book.
EN.540.304.01
Transport Phenomena II
Zachary Gagnon
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
Students appreciated the professor's clear lectures and said he did a good job of making sure students
understood the material. The negative aspects included difficult homework assignments and lack of
feedback on homework. Students suggested that the class could be improved by returning homework
sooner so they could learn from their mistakes. They also suggested changing the schedule of TA
sessions to make them more accessible to all students. Students considering this course should know
that it is a challenging course with a lot of homework, and that going to class is essential to success.
EN.540.305.02
Modeling and Statistical Analysis of Data for Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering
Dilipkumar Asthagiri
Overall quality of the class: 3.17
Summary:
Students noted that the course was intellectually challenging and that they liked the hands-on approach
to learning programming and modeling. Some students found the lectures confusing and thought the
course was disorganized. Suggestions for improvement included a better course structure and more in-
class MATLAB lessons. Some also suggested having several smaller assignments throughout the
semester instead of just one big project. Students taking this course should know some MATLAB
programming beforehand.
58
EN.540.311.01-02
Chemical Eng Lab I
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best part of this course was getting hands-on experience with concepts learned throughout the
semester. The negative aspects were the long lab reports and lack of guidance from TAs. Students
suggest better training for TAs so they are well prepared for labs. Students considering this course
should know that there is a lot of time and work required. You need to start early on lab reports and
make sure to meet often with your group and the professor.
EN.540.311.03
Chemical Eng Lab I
An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.313.01
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Lab
Lise Dahuron, Sharon Gerecht
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
Students enjoyed getting hands-on experience and working in groups. The negative aspects of the
course included the TA and professor's lack of knowledge on using the lab equipment. Students also said
that there was little guidance from the manual or the TAs. Suggestions for improvement included a
better lab manual and more guidance on procedures. Students should know that the course is a lot of
work and lab reports can be very time-consuming.
EN.540.313.02
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Lab
Sharon Gerecht, Marc Ostermeier
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
Students enjoyed applying skills and knowledge they had learned in previous courses. They learned
about professional and technical writing, and appreciated getting feedback from the writing professor.
Some said that the class was poorly organized and that often the TAs did not know what was going on in
the labs. Also the two professors graded inconsistently. Suggestions for improvement included updating
the lab manual and having a more consistent grading protocol. Students considering this course should
know that it is a lot of work, with difficult writing assignments.
59
EN.540.313.03
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Lab
An Goffin, Marc Ostermeier
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
Students enjoyed getting practical experience with chemical engineering and getting feedback from
professors. The negative aspects were that students did not receive much guidance for labs and the
manuals were not helpful. Additionally, lab equipment often failed, making experiments difficult to
complete. Students suggested updating the lab manuals and making sure the TAs know how to use the
equipment, so that time is used more efficiently. Students should know that this course is writing
intensive and that the lab reports can take a very long time to complete.
EN.540.313.04
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Lab
Lise Dahuron, An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.402.01
Cellular and Molecular Biotechnology
Michael Betenbaugh
Overall quality of the class: 2.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.409.01-04
Modeling Dynamic/Control
An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 4.03
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the interesting subject material, good lectures, and labs. The negative
aspects of the course were the very difficult exams and complex math that was involved in a lot of the
assignments. Some students also said that the lectures were too similar to the textbook and that there
were not enough examples. Students suggested using a better textbook and giving out practice exams or
more practice problems to study. Students also wished the class had covered more practical
applications. Students considering this course should expect a difficult course that is dependent on
knowing MATLAB. Students said that overall this is a difficult class, but the textbook is a great resource.
EN.540.418.01
Projects in the design of a chemical Car
Lise Dahuron
60
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
Students mentioned that this was a fun, hands-on course where they got to work collaboratively in
teams. The negative part of the course was that not all group members contributed equally. Also the
course can be frustrating, as design projects do not always succeed. Suggestions for improvement
included bringing in students from other engineering departments and distributing work more evenly
among group members. Students should know that this is a time-intensive course, so they should plan
on spending a lot of time outside of class to work on projects.
EN.540.426.01
Biomacromolecules at the nanoscale
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting lectures and liked writing a research paper. The negative aspects were
the frequent class cancellations by the professor. Also, some students did not like that there were no
homework assignments to make sure they understood the materials. Students suggested that the
course would be improved by adding more structure with the help of a textbook and more assignments.
The workload for this course is fairly light, but a lot of material is covered and the entire grade depends
on the final paper.
EN.540.490.02
Chem Laboratory Safety
Lise Dahuron, Daniel Kuespert
Overall quality of the class: 3.38
Summary:
The best parts of this course were that the professors were informative and entertaining, and that the
workload was very light. Students did not like that much of the material was common sense or
redundant. They also said some of the lectures were boring. Students suggested having more real-life
examples or demonstrations to improve the course. The class is easy and has very little work, but the
material is important.
EN.540.600.01
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Seminar
Rebecca Schulman
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning about exciting new research being done in the field. As for a negative aspect,
some students felt the lectures focused too much on nanotechnology and chemical engineering, as
opposed to fully covering biochemical engineering. Students suggested having more biology-focused
61
speakers and more speakers from other institutions or locations. Perspective students said that the
course is worth attending. Also, you will learn about interesting research and there is free breakfast.
EN.540.602.01
Cellular & Molecular Biotechnology
Michael Betenbaugh
Overall quality of the class: 3.63
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the effective lectures and interesting material, which covered a new
field of research. However, the course was quite disorganized. The professor did not make his
expectations for assignments clear and did not give enough feedback on homework. Suggestions for
improvement included a better overall structure, clearer directions for projects, and more feedback. The
course requires a decent background in biochemistry. If you are not interested in metabolic or biology-
related engineering you might not enjoy this course.
EN.540.615.01
Interfacial Science with Applications to Nanoscale Systems
Joelle Frechette
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
Students noted that the professor was very engaging and that he did a good job of making sure students
understood course concepts. However, they said the homework and exams were very difficult, and
sometimes the material was not covered in class. Students suggested going over more examples in class
that were related to the homework. Some students also wanted to have in-class exams rather than take-
home exams. The course is mathematically intense and readings alongside homework can be time-
consuming.
EN.540.626.01
Biomacromolecules at the nanoscale
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 3.45
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the knowledgeable professor and the opportunity to write a research
paper. As for negative aspects, the professor was very disorganized. He often cancelled class, changed
the syllabus, and was hard to meet with. Students suggested that the course would be improved by
having better structure and more homework assignments. Students should know that the course
consists only of lectures and writing a scientific research paper.
EN.540.630.01
Thermodynamics & Statistical Mechanics
Dilipkumar Asthagiri
62
Overall quality of the class: 3.55
Summary:
The professor was knowledgeable and enthusiastic. However, many students felt the material he taught
was beyond their level and he did not do a good job of making it accessible. Suggestions for
improvement included a better course structure, more thorough lectures, and more homework to make
sure students understand the material. Students should have a strong background in math and
thermodynamics before taking this course. The course requires a significant amount of self-study to
digest the material.
63
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
CHEMISTRY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.030.101.01
Introductory Chemistry I
David Goldberg
Overall quality of the class: 3.55
Summary:
One of the best aspects of this course was the online OWL homework problems, which gave students
detailed explanations and helpful feedback. The professor also provided in-class examples of the course
material through detailed and visual lectures. The worst aspects of the course included the dull and
unengaging lectures, as well as the difficult exams. The course would improve if the lecture notes and
PowerPoint slides were made available to students. Students would like to see more content covered in
each class period and for lectures to be more interactive and engaging. Prospective students should
know that this is a fair introductory course to chemistry, but it can be hard if students don't regularly
attend lectures and practice the course problems.
AS.030.101.02
Introductory Chemistry I
D Fairbrother
Overall quality of the class: 3.61
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interactive lectures and chemistry topics as they were
presented in a very engaging format. The supporting homework assignments, review sessions and flow
of the textbook also helped students stay on top of the course content. The worst aspects of this course
were the challenging course materials and exams. Students felt that the lectures provided inadequate
information and often didn't correlate with the textbook and the assigned practice problems. The
course would improve if the homework assignments corresponded with the exam questions, and if
there were section meetings with teaching assistants to go over the problems students were having
difficulty with. Prospective students should know that this is a straightforward chemistry course, but
students who want to be successful must really spend time with their lecture notes and practice
assignments.
64
AS.030.103.01-02
Applied Chemical Equilibrium and Reactivity w/lab
Jane Greco
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the labs and the overall general chemistry refresher it provided
for students. The ALEKS system was a great online resource for students to practice until they had a
complete grasp of the information. The worst aspects of this course included the often unguided pre-lab
questions and time-consuming assignments on the ALEKS online program. The class would improve if
the labs and pre-labs were clearer, and if the professor personally assigned homework, instead of
assigning homework from the repetitive ALEKS system. Many students would have also preferred more
access to lecture notes and slides to help them understand the concepts. Prospective students should
know that this course will refresh their knowledge of chemistry, but may be overwhelming and time
consuming.
AS.030.105.01-07
Intro Chemistry Lab I
Louise Pasternack
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was getting hands-on lab skills. The applied experiments were helpful in
preparing students for future upper-level lab courses. On the other hand, students found some
experiments boring and thought the workload was too heavy for a one-credit course. Some labs were
also confusing because the procedures lacked detail. Suggestions for improvement included decreasing
the workload and making lectures more interesting. Prospective students are encouraged to read the
lab directions thoroughly to make sure error analysis sections are clear and detailed.
AS.030.205.01
Organic Chemistry I
John Toscano
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was how well the professor and the TAs were able to explain the complex
material. The course was very organized and provided a strong foundation for organic chemistry. Some
students felt that the class was very fast paced and many found it difficult to keep up with the volume of
information that was covered. Students suggested having more practice problems to assist in the
retention of concepts. Prospective students should allocate a significant amount of time outside of class
to keep up with the intense amount of material.
AS.030.205.02
Organic Chemistry I
Christopher Falzone
65
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the opportunity for help outside of lecture; between Professor
Falzone's flexible office hours and the TA sessions, there was always help available. Students
appreciated the chance to gauge their personal progression through weekly checkpoint quizzes. The
worst aspects of the course were the content-heavy workload and the fast-paced lectures, which lacked
structure. To improve this course, students suggested slowing down the lectures, having more TAs
available, and more practice problems so that students can get a better grasp of content. Prospective
students should know that it's easy to fall behind if they don't manage their time well.
AS.030.225.01-05
Intro Organic Chem Lab
Larissa D'Souza
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the applicable and hands-on lab experiments, as well as the helpful
teaching assistants and pre-lab lectures. The worst aspects of the course included the unclear lab report
guidelines and expectations. The professor was not helpful to students and taught the course in a way
students found intimidating. The course would improve if the professor were more organized and if
there were clearer guidelines for the lab reports. Prospective students should be prepared to review lab
material ahead of time and allot plenty of time to study for exams. For maximum results in this course,
students are advised to take organic chemistry before taking this lab, as opposed to taking them
simultaneously.
AS.030.301.01
Physical Chemistry I
Douglas Poland
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the interesting, well-structured lectures and the straightforward
exams. The negative aspects were that the homework often did not relate to the lectures or exams and
there were not enough examples or practice problems related to the exams. Suggestions for
improvement included assigning homework that was more related to the lectures and exams, as well as
providing past exams or practice problems for exams. Students should know that this is a math-heavy
course. They are encouraged to always go to lectures and take good notes.
AS.030.305.01-02
Phys Chem Instr Lab I
Arthur Bragg
Overall quality of the class: 3.15
66
Summary:
The good aspects of the course were that the professor was well-organized, approachable, and quickly
responded to students' questions. The negative aspects were the very heavy workload and how long it
took to get feedback on lab reports. Students said that doing error analysis for every lab report was very
tedious. They suggested that the course would be improved by better and faster feedback on lab
reports. They also suggested that fewer assignments or less error analysis would also improve the
course. Students should know that this course is extremely time-consuming. They are encouraged not to
take it at the same time as other intensive courses.
AS.030.356.01-02
Advanced Inorganic Lab
Justine Roth
Overall quality of the class: 2.06
Summary:
Students noted that the best part of this course was the independent final project. However, they had
many criticisms of the class, saying that it was disorganized and the labs were unprepared. There often
were not enough materials or equipment for all the students, which made it very difficult to complete
the labs. Students suggested that the course would be improved if the labs were better prepared and
the TAs were more informed and helpful. Students should know that this course may be disorganized
and they may have to do independent research to understand the material.
AS.030.449.01
Chemistry of Inorganic Compounds
Tyrel Mcqueen
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the professors' interactive lectures and the helpful homework
assignments. The negative aspects were the very difficult exams and that the homework sometimes did
not correspond to the lecture material. Students suggested that the course would be improved by
having more guidance about what would be on the exams. They also suggested using a better textbook
that lined up more with what was taught in class. Students should know that it is important to keep up
with the homework in this class, and that you have to get to class on time to hand in the homework.
AS.030.452.01
Materials & Surface
D Fairbrother
Overall quality of the class: 3.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were learning useful instrumental techniques and the knowledgeable
professor. The downsides were the slow pace of the course, the lack of organization, and the lack of
correlation between lecture and homework. Students suggested spending less time on review and
covering more material. They also suggested having more practice exercises and better feedback on the
67
homework. Students should know that the homework for this course requires a lot of independent
research. Also, it is more difficult for engineering students who may not have as much chemistry
background.
AS.030.625.01
Advanced Mechanistic Organic Chemistry I
Marc Greenberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
Students noted that the best parts of this course were the engaging lectures and the interesting
material. The negative aspects were that the professor was a bit unapproachable and the textbook was
not always good at explaining concepts. Suggestions for improvement included a better textbook and
more practice materials. Overall, the course covers very useful material and the professor is a good
teacher. Students should know that a good organic chemistry background is required and that it is
important to attend class.
68
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
CIVIL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.560.201.01-06
Statics & Mechanics of Materials
Takeru Igusa
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The best parts of this class were the useful assignments and labs. Also, the exams were similar to the
homework assignments. The negative aspects were the difficult homework assignments and boring
lectures. Students suggested making lectures more interesting and going over more concepts in class.
Students said that doing well on the homework assignments and exams is not difficult if you study
thoroughly.
EN.560.220.01
Civil Engineering Analysis
Judith Mitrani-Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
Students liked the hands-on methods for learning MATLAB and the collaborative group exercises. As for
a negative aspect, the professor was not very accessible, which add to the course being disorganized.
Students suggested having more programming assignments and more in-class examples. They also
wanted more professor/TA availability. Overall, students said it was good class which mostly focuses on
learning MATLAB. Some programming background would be helpful, but it is ok if you don't have
MATLAB experience.
EN.560.305.01
Soil Mechanics
Lucas De Melo
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
69
Summary:
Students noted that the instructor was enthusiastic, interesting, and genuinely concerned with his
students learning. They also liked that the course included some real-life applications of the material.
The downsides of the course were that it was poorly structured. Some students also said that the
assignments and exams were not related to what was covered in the lectures. Suggestions for
improvement included having more, shorter assignments instead of a few big homework assignments.
Students also suggested that the professor should be more accessible or have a TA. Students should
know that they will need to read the textbook and start problem sets early.
EN.560.320.01
Steel Structures
Rachel Sangree
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the professor's teaching style and effective lectures. The negative
aspects were the tedious homework assignments, and the unhelpful learning modules. Suggestions for
improvement included having a lab and assigning less homework. This course is difficult, but teaches
you a lot about steel structures. Students recommended starting assignments early and going to lectures
because the professor is willing to help if you have questions.
EN.560.351.01
Introduction to Fluid Mechanics
Robert Dalrymple
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
Students liked the professor's teaching style and how he included real-world examples of the material.
They also liked that short homework assignments gave them ample opportunities to practice the
material. Some students felt that the lectures were boring or confusing and focused too much on
derivations. In addition, the exams were very difficult and did not correspond to the material taught in
class or on homework. Students suggested making the exam questions more like the homework
problems or having practice exams. Students should know that this is a challenging course with difficult
material, but the homework assignments are not too hard.
EN.560.440.01
Applied Finite Element Methods.
Narutoshi Nakata
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students noted that the best parts of this class were the excellent instructor, helpful homework
assignments, and good overall organization. Some students thought the lectures were boring and that
the textbook was not helpful. Some also thought they did not spend enough time learning programming
70
before the homework assignments. Students agreed that the course would be improved if more time
were spent on programming and how to use various software programs. Students taking this course
should have a good background in math and mechanics, while it would be helpful to have MATLAB
experience.
EN.560.442.01
Equilibrium Models in Systems Engineering
Sauleh Siddiqui
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
Students said the course provided a good introduction to a wide range of topics, with examples of
practical applications. Some had difficulty with the coding assignments, but most said there were not
many negative aspects about this course. A suggestion for improvement was going over more
programming examples in class. Students considering this course need to have some background in
programming. The course offers valuable knowledge and skills.
EN.560.445.01
Adv Structural Analysis
James Guest
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Students appreciated the professor's teaching style, the useful subject material, and learning MATLAB
skills. They noted that the final project was difficult, but helped them learn the material well. The
downside of the course was the heavy workload, which included very time-consuming homework.
Students suggested spending more class time covering MATLAB and that the professor should stick to
the course schedule better. Students taking this course should have some background in programming,
especially with MATLAB. Students said that the course is a lot of work, but it gives you a good
understanding of structural analysis.
EN.560.451.01
Civil Engineering Design I
John Matteo
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
Students enjoyed putting their skills to use on real-world engineering problems. However, they said that
the professor's disorganization detracted from the class. He did not make his expectations for
assignments clear and often changed due dates. Students suggested that the course would be improved
by better organization and with clearer deadlines and expectations for assignments. Overall, students
said this was a fun course that allowed them to put the skills they learned to use.
EN.560.702.01
Modeling Complex Systems Colloquium
71
Lori Graham-Brady
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.560.729.01
Structural Mechanics
Lori Graham-Brady, James Guest
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
Students noted that both professors did a good job of presenting the material clearly. They said they left
the course with an in-depth understanding of the topics. However, they said that there were not enough
in-class examples or study materials to help them prepare for exams. Students suggested having more
frequent homework assignments and more in-class examples to make sure they understood the
material. Students are encouraged to keep up with the readings for this class and work on learning the
material before the homework is assigned.
EN.560.752.01
Structural Dynamics
Judith Mitrani-Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.560.786.01
Structural Reliability
Lori Graham-Brady, Benjamin Schafer
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning useful material in this course. They also liked the interactive lectures and in-
class group work. However, they noted that they didn't get prompt feedback on homework, which made
it hard to learn from the assignments. Suggestions for improvement included doing more in-class
examples or posting example problems online so students could study them outside of class. The course
requires some probability and coding experience. This is a useful course if you are interested in design or
structural reliability.
EN.560.790.01
Advanced Finite Element Methods and Multi-Scale Methods
Somnath Ghosh
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
72
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
73
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
CLASSICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.040.104.01-02
The Roman Republic: History, Culture, and Afterlife
Matthew Roller
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the laid back yet engaging classroom setting and the
enthusiastic professor. The worst aspects of the course included the excessive amount of reading and
the discussion sessions, which were headed by two different teaching assistants. The course could be
improved if there were shorter readings and more solid content in the chosen readings. Prospective
students should know that this is a great introductory course, but they should make sure to stay on top
of the readings. Some background in Latin will also be helpful.
AS.040.105.01
Elementary Ancient Greek
Daniel Dooley
Overall quality of the class: 3.17
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the hands-on classroom experience where students got to interact.
Many students did not like how the professor taught right from the book and didn't return their quizzes
and assignments in a timely manner. The course would improve if the professor didn't teach so much
from the book and instead planned a variety of activities. Prospective students should know that Latin is
not an easy subject and requires a time commitment to learn. They should be prepared to do a lot of
work.
AS.040.107.02
Elementary Latin
Daniel Houston
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
74
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the enthusiastic professor who was relaxed but professional with the
students. Many appreciated the genuine concern he showed for their progress. The worst aspects of this
course were the lack of practice assignments and the textbook, which was hard to follow. The course
could be improved if there was more homework or extra supplementary material to help students
practice what they learned. Prospective students should know that the course moves at a steady pace,
and to be successful, a lot of memorization and personal study time outside of class is necessary.
AS.040.137.01
Archaeology at the Crossroads: The Ancient Eastern Mediterranean through
Emily Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.90
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the knowledgeable professor who planned hands-on lectures and
kept students engaged. Students enjoyed exploring different cultures and visiting the Johns Hopkins
Archeological Museum (JHAM). The worst aspects of this course included the excessive readings which
often didn't seem to tie into class discussions. The course could be improved if the readings were
lessened and if the assigned readings were discussed more often in class. Prospective students should
know that this is a stimulating and interesting course, but there is a lot of reading and extra research
required.
AS.040.205.01
Intermediate Ancient Greek
Dimitrios Yatromanolakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the exciting lessons on Greek philosophy, the effective class
discussions, and the well-selected reading assignments. The worst aspect of this course was the lack of
feedback on assignments and exams. Students felt like they didn't know how they were doing in class
and were just going through the motions most of the time. The course would be improved if there was
more structure and focus on vocabulary and grammar instead of just reading dense material.
Prospective students should have a basic understanding of Greek language and grammar.
AS.040.207.01
Intermediate Latin
Elisabeth Schwinge
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
Students liked the straightforward structure of the course, the in class discussions, and the professor
who made the content interesting and easy to learn. However, they thought there was too much
emphasis on translation and that the class became monotonous. Students suggested varying the
75
material and including more activities like presentations and quizzes to help students better understand
the content. Prospective students should have a basic understanding of Latin language and grammar to
be successful.
AS.040.308.01
Advanced Latin Poetry
Herica Valladares
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting subject material and the very supportive
professor. Students did not like the excessive emphasis on translation and felt that they went over the
translations too quickly. The course could improve if things went a bit slower so that students could
grasp the grammar and language, because that would have made the readings more exciting and
understandable. Prospective students should know that this is a very fast paced course and even though
it is interesting, they will really need to stay on top of their work.
AS.040.363.01
Craft and Craftpersons of the Ancient World: Status, Creativity and Tradition
Emily Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
76
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
COGNITIVE SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.050.101.01
Cognition
Colin Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
This course provided a good introduction to cognitive science through its very interesting lectures.
Despite the large class size, the professor kept the students engaged in exciting discussions. The worst
aspect of the course was that the lectures were very hard to follow and often didn't give students a clear
understanding of the content. The course would improve if the exams were more straightforward and
the lectures involved less class discussion because that would mean spending more time going over the
concepts. Prospective students should know that this is a very technical course which requires a lot of
reading but nonetheless is very interesting.
AS.050.105.01
Intro To Cognitive Neuropsychology
Michael McCloskey
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fascinating topics which were well presented by a great lecturer. The worst
aspects of the course included the time consuming and difficult homework assignments that were not
returned to students in a timely manner. Also, many found the number of pop quizzes to be excessive.
The course would be improved if more assignments and focused study guides were provided to help
students understand the content better. It would also improve if the students received prompt feedback
on their work. Prospective students should know that it is a very interesting course with a light
workload. They are encouraged to attend class regularly, take good notes, and stay on top of the
readings.
AS.050.206.01
Bilingualism
77
Julia Yarmolinskaya
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings and the interactive lectures, which
incorporated media such as videos. Students disliked the dense and excessive readings, as well as the
long lecture period. The course would be improved if there were more class discussions and if it met
twice a week for shorter sessions instead of one lengthy class. Prospective students should know that
this is an interesting course that covers a lot of cognitive science topics but requires lots of reading.
AS.050.317.01
Semantics I
Kyle Rawlins
Overall quality of the class: 3.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting class discussions and the collaborative work
between students. The worst aspects of the course were the extremely complex textbook and lecture
guides which didn't shed much light on difficult course concepts. The course also followed a loose lesson
structure. The course would be improved if there were clearer breakdowns of the concepts through
better books and focused lectures. Prospective students should know that this is a time consuming
course that deals with formal logic and a significant amount of calculus.
AS.050.319.01
Visual Cognition
Soojin Park
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the intellectually stimulating topics covered in the class. The worst
aspects of this course were the dense PowerPoint slides and hard to follow lectures. The notes rarely
assisted students with tests and assignments because they were often lacking in substance. The course
would be improved if there were more detailed slides and if the lectures were taught at a slower pace.
Prospective students should know that this is a very interesting, upper-level course in cognitive science
that requires a lot of hard work.
AS.050.333.01
Psycholinguistics
Akira Omaki
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the experimental labs and the effective professor who made
sure students understood the material. Both the professor and teaching assistant were engaging and
78
very helpful. The worst aspects of this course were the dull lectures and insubstantial information
provided on the PowerPoint slides. Students felt like too much of the class time was spent reviewing
assigned readings instead of going over new course content. The course would improve if the lectures
were more content based and structured for everyone to understand, even if it meant less class
discussion. Prospective students should know that this is an enjoyable course with difficult but
interesting content.
79
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
COMPUTER SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.600.104.01
Computer Ethics
Sheela Kosaraju
Overall quality of the class: 3.61
Summary:
Students mentioned that this was an enjoyable and thought-provoking course. They enjoyed having
intellectual discussions with fellow students. Some students thought the discussions got too long and
boring, and that certain students often dominated the conversation. Some suggested that the course
could use more structure or more assignments instead of just discussions. The course has a light
workload and can be very interesting. Students are encouraged to do the readings and speak up in class.
EN.600.105.01
M & Ms : Freshman Exp
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the class: 3.61
Summary:
Students enjoyed hearing about different aspects of computer science from experts in the field.
However, some students thought some of the lectures were boring or too advanced. Students suggested
that the course would be improved by including more interaction between lecturers and students, or by
having some hands-on activities. Overall, the course is a good introduction to computer science and has
very little work outside of class. Students who are interested in the department will enjoy learning about
what they can do with the major.
EN.600.107.01
Intro Programming-Java
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
80
Summary:
Students said this course provides a good introduction to programming. They enjoyed the hands-on
assignments and liked the satisfaction of getting to use their skills right away. The homework was very
difficult, and the difficulty was inconsistent from week to week. Some students also said that the
lectures were dry and that the TAs didn't have enough time for everyone's questions. They suggested
having shorter lectures and more lab-type projects for hands-on practice. Overall, students said this is a
good introductory course meant for beginners. It can be quite challenging, so students should make sure
to keep up with the work.
EN.600.108.01-03
Intro Programming Lab
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
Students agreed that the lab course is a great opportunity to practice programming skills in a relaxed
environment. It allowed them to work on class assignments with help from TAs. The downsides were
that the labs were time-consuming, and some projects were tedious or unclear. Also, sometimes there
were not enough TAs to help all of the students. Students suggested having shorter labs and having
more TAs. The lab course is highly recommended for beginners. It helps students fully understand
concepts taught in class and gives them time to work on programming homework.
EN.600.108.04-05
Intro Programming Lab
Peter Froehlich, Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
Students found this lab course very helpful for working on class assignments and better understanding
programming concepts. They said the TAs were very helpful. However, there were times when there
were not enough TAs to help all students. Students suggested having more TAs and doing more review
of assignments, and other necessary skills. Students said that the lab course is definitely worth taking
along with intro programming. They encouraged students to ask for help from the professor and TAs.
EN.600.108.06
Intro Programming Lab
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students enjoyed getting help from TAs on programming assignments and also enjoyed working with
other students. They said that some projects were more work than could be finished in the designated
lab period. They also said the lectures tended to be boring and sometimes did not correspond with the
homework assignments. Students suggested having more TAs and reviewing the material more slowly.
Overall, students recommended this as a worthwhile course, especially for beginners.
81
EN.600.112.01
Introduction to Programming for Scientists and Engineers
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning Python and said the assignments were helpful for learning the material.
The class was very fast-paced, with a heavy workload. Some said that the professor went through
information too quickly and the course was extremely difficult for people without a programming
background. Many students suggested that the course should go at a slower pace and that lectures
should be structured better. Students should know that the course takes a lot of time and is very
challenging if you don't have programming experience. Students are encouraged to seek help from the
TAs and to take the lab course to get extra help.
EN.600.120.01-02
Intermediate Programming
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
Students noted that they learned a lot about C and C++, which are very useful to know. The downsides
of the course were long and difficult assignments, as well as the very quick pace. Students suggested
slowing down the pace of the course to cover less material in more depth. Some also suggested having
more coding practice in class. Students should expect a very high workload and time commitment for a
100-level course. The course will be very difficult if you don't have programming experience, but it is
highly valuable for CS majors or those interested in programming.
EN.600.226.01
Data Structures
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting subject matter and said that the professor explained it well. They also
liked getting hands-on programming practice. Students said the negative aspect of the course was the
difficult and time-consuming assignments. They also said that it was hard to pay attention to lectures
when the professor was coding in class. Suggestions for improvement included having shorter
homework or having more time to finish them. Students taking this course should have strong a
programming background and should expect to spend a lot of time working on assignments.
EN.600.315.01
Databases
David Yarowsky
82
Overall quality of the class: 2.72
Summary:
Students said the course gave them a good understanding of database skills and SQL. However, the
course was very disorganized. The professor was often late and due dates were unclear. Students
suggested the course would be improved by better organization, consistent due dates, and getting
assignments back faster. Overall, students said the course teaches you about databases, but tends to be
disorganized and takes a lot of work.
EN.600.321.01
Object Oriented Software Engineering
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Students liked getting real-world programming experience and working on the team project. They
enjoyed having the freedom to develop a project they wanted to work on. Students did not like that the
professor did not return graded homework assignments. Suggestions for improvement included
retuning the homework and having more lab time during class. Students should know that the course is
mostly focused on the group project. Make sure to start the project early and schedule a lot of time for
working on it.
EN.600.333.01
Computer System Fundamentals
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
Students found the course material very interesting. They also said that the assignments were fun and
reinforced the material. They disliked that the professor took a long time to return homework and did
not explain concepts well. Students suggested having smaller assignments. They also wanted the
professor to go over concepts more thoroughly in class. Students considering this course should have
some programming experience, but know that the course is not completely focused on programming.
EN.600.337.01
Distributed Systems
Yair Amir
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Students liked that this course was project-based, so they did a lot of hands-on learning. They disliked
the difficult and time-consuming projects. Some also said that the lectures did not teach them the
coding they needed to complete the projects. Some students suggested that the course should be worth
more credits due to the amount of work involved. Students should be prepared for a very heavy
workload and ready to learn a lot.
83
EN.600.361.01
Computer Vision
Gregory Hager
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting subject material and said the assignments were useful, as well as
enjoyable. However, it took a long time to get graded homework back, which made it hard to learn from
their mistakes. They also thought the exams were too difficult. Suggestions for improvement included
better lectures and more examples in class to clarify the material. Students need a strong math
background for this course and should expect to spend a lot of time on the final project.
EN.600.363.01
Intro To Algorithms
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
Students found the assignments challenging and interesting, while noting that the professor was very
approachable. Negative aspects of the course were that grading took a long time and the homework did
not offer enough opportunities for practice. Some students also said that the lectures did not cover
topics as thoroughly as needed for assignments. Suggestions for improvement included better feedback
on homework, and more frequent, shorter homework for practice. Students considering this course
should know how to do proofs. They are encouraged to keep up on their work as the class gets
increasingly difficult throughout the semester.
EN.600.415.01
Databases
David Yarowsky
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning about a wide range of topics in databases and learning useful programming
languages. On the negative side, the professor was disorganized and did not provide timely feedback on
assignments. Students suggested that the course would be improved by clearer lectures and by getting
better feedback on homework. Prospective students should know that overall this is a good course for
learning basic information on databases. It involves a lot of course work, but is worth it for the skills you
will learn.
EN.600.421.01
Object Oriented Software Engineering
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
84
Summary:
Students enjoyed the group project and the opportunity to create real-world software. They also
appreciated getting quick feedback on projects from the professor and TA. Some students found the
lectures boring, and some thought having individual assignments in addition to the final project was too
much work. Students suggested that individual homework should be graded faster. The course is useful,
but is a lot of work. Students should have a good programming background and make sure to get a good
group for the project.
EN.600.423.01
Data-Intensive Computing
Randal Burns
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students said this course was a low-pressure, hands-on introduction to a variety of software systems.
They liked being able to experiment and work in teams. The downside of the course was that it had very
little structure. Suggestions for improvement included better organization and more assignments.
Students should know that the class is very long, but if they're interested in the material they can learn a
lot and have a lot of fun.
EN.600.429.01
Functional Programming at Work - Haskell and Domain-Specific Languages
John Peterson
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning a new programming language and said the professor and TA were excellent.
However, they did not get graded assignments back for a long time, which detracted from the course.
Students said the course would be improved if they received graded assignments back sooner. Students
should expect a course with very difficult material. It helps to have some functional programming
experience before taking this course.
EN.600.437.01
Distributed Systems
Yair Amir
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
Students said Dr. Amir was a very effective teacher who made sure students understood the material.
Assignments were challenging, but really drove home the material. Students disliked the heavy
workload. Additionally, some felt the lectures did not adequately prepare them for the assignments.
Students should know that this is a very demanding class, but it is worth the effort, as the professor is
one of the top experts in this field.
85
EN.600.442.01
Modern Cryptography
Christopher Pappacena
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
This course offers a comprehensive introduction to cryptography. Students found the content
interesting and the course well-organized. However, they said the lectures were long and dry. Many
students said splitting up the lectures into two sessions would improve the course. Students should
have a strong math background, especially with number theory.
EN.600.443.01
Security & Privacy in Computing
Aviel Rubin
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
Students said the course covered interesting topics and they enjoyed doing the projects. The negative
aspects were the very difficult exams and unclear expectations for assignments and grading. Students
suggested having more hands-on assignments and covering certain topics more in-depth. The course is
challenging, but teaches a lot about security. Students should have both a programming and networking
background prior to taking this course.
EN.600.445.01
Computer Integrated Surgery I
Russell Taylor
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
Students mentioned that the professor and TA for this course were very helpful. They also said that the
programming assignments were interesting and helped them better understand the material. Some
students said that lectures were hard to follow, and that the assignments were not explained well
enough. Students suggested that the course would be improved by more learning resources, such as a
textbook, more assignments, or more examples in class. Students taking this course need to have a
strong programming background and should be prepared to spend a lot of time on homework.
EN.600.454.01
Practical Cryptographic Systems
Matthew Green
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
Students noted that the professor was knowledgeable and engaging. They also liked that he discussed
current issues in cryptography and security. Many complained that it took a long time to get feedback
86
from the professor. Students suggested that the course would be improved by having more
assignments, more structure, and better feedback. Overall, students recommended this as an
interesting course. Students should have a good programming background before taking this course.
EN.600.460.01
Software Vulnerability Analysis
Stephen Checkoway
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.461.01
Computer Vision
Gregory Hager
Overall quality of the class: 3.53
Summary:
Students liked the interesting subject matter and the programming assignments. They also said the
professor was a good teacher. However, many said that the course was disorganized and that the
assignments were not clear. Students suggested having additional smaller projects instead of a few large
assignments, as well as better lectures and lecture notes. Students should know that this is a challenging
course and they will need to take time to study outside of class.
EN.600.463.01
Algorithms I
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
Students said this course gave them a solid foundation in algorithms. They liked the professor's clear
teaching style and said he was very patient with their questions. The negative aspects of the course
were that the review sessions were not always helpful and there was no online forum for students to
ask questions about the class. Students suggested having an online forum, such as Piazza would improve
the course. Some students also wanted the course to cover more applications. Overall, students said the
course was very useful. You should have some background in data structures before taking this course.
EN.600.464.01
Randomized Algorithms
S Kosaraju
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.465.01
87
Natural Language Processing
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
Students said the professor was a great teacher who was passionate about the subject and very willing
to help students with any questions they had. They did not like the very heavy workload. Students
suggested reducing some of the assignments or making the class worth more credits to compensate for
the high workload. Overall, students recommended this as a very rewarding class, but say prospective
students should be prepared to spend a lot of time on the homework and studying for exams.
EN.600.471.01
Theory of Computation
Vinodchandran Variyam
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.475.01
Machine Learning
Mark Dredze
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
Students mentioned that the lectures were engaging, interesting, and helpful in making sure they
understood the material thoroughly. The downside was that lectures were hard to follow, especially for
students who were new to the topic. Some students also thought some assignments were poorly
written or unclear. Students suggested having more practical examples or hands-on activities, as well as
better feedback on homework. Students considering this course should have some probability and linear
algebra background. They are advised to start assignments early, as the course is a lot of work and it's
easy to get behind.
EN.600.615.01
Big Data, Small Languages, Scalable Systems
Yanif Ahmad
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.660.01
FFT in Graphics & Vision
Michael Kazhdan
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
88
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.664.01
Randomized Algorithms
S Kosaraju
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.726.01
Selected Topics in Programming Languages
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.728.01
Selected Topics in Category Theory
Nathaniel Filardo
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.757.01
Selected Topics in Computer Graphics
Michael Kazhdan
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.764.01
Seminar in Algorithms
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.765.01
Selected Topics in Natural Language Processing
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
89
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.766.01
Selected Topics in Meaning, Translation and Generation of Text
Christopher Callison-Burch, Benjamin Van Durme
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
90
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.270.102.01-02
Conversations with the Earth
Amanda Charrier
Overall quality of the class: 3.41
Summary:
Students enjoyed the diverse topics taught by guest speakers, the field trips, and the low-pressure
environment of the class. The worst aspects of the course were the inconsistent quality of the lectures
from week to week and the somewhat harsh homework grading by the teaching assistants. The course
could be improved if there was more coherence between the guest speakers and if the course itself was
more interactive. Prospective students should know that this is a fun, easy class. As long as they
complete the homework assignments and participate in class they will do well.
AS.270.103.01
Introduction to Global Environmental Change
Anand Gnanadesikan, Benjamin Passey
Overall quality of the class: 3.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course material and provision of PowerPoint
slides after each lecture. Students said the professor did not present the material clearly and that the
topics covered were often too advanced for their level of understanding. The course could be improved
if the lectures were more clear and concise. Students also suggested that it could be beneficial if only
one professor taught the course to help reduce some confusion. Prospective students should know that
this course is more challenging than your average introductory science course, but going to class
consistently will help you significantly.
AS.270.205.01
Intro to Geographic Information Systems and Geospatial Analysis
Xin Chen
91
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was learning to use GIS software and working hands-on. Students found
the textbook and the extra reading material very helpful. The worst aspect of the course was the
ineffective lectures, which many found unhelpful to learning the software. Students also expressed
dissatisfaction with the final weeks of the course because there was an overload of assignments,
projects, and exams all around the same time. What would improve the course was if the lectures were
trimmed down and the students had more hands on practice in class. Prospective students should know
that the course is very useful and the software learned can be applied to the real world, but they should
be willing to put in extra time to really learn the different programs.
AS.270.220.01
The Dynamic Earth: An Introduction to Geology
John Ferry, David Veblen
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
This course was well-organized and provided a good introduction to geology. The professors were
knowledgeable and provided great lectures with interactive course material. The worst aspect of this
course was the grading system, which was solely based on exam grades. What would most improve this
class is a better grading structure, with more assignments spread out through the semester. Prospective
students should know that this is a fairly easy course which requires no previous knowledge, but a lot of
studying.
AS.270.221.01
Lab Dynamic Earth
Sakiko Olsen
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands on labs and the interesting field trips. The worst
aspects of the course included the lack of clarity in some of the labs and the disconnect between some
of the lectures and the labs. Suggestions for improvement included spending more time on labs and less
time on lectures. Prospective students should know that this is a fun and easy course with weekly
assignments and a manageable workload. Overall, many students found this class very enjoyable.
AS.270.305.01
Energy Resources in the Modern World
Linda Hinnov
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
92
The best aspects of this course included the exciting course readings and informative lectures about the
technology and energy industries. The worst aspects of the course included the dull lectures and the
dense information, which students often couldn't grasp. Students also expressed frustration with the
exams and homework assignments, which were based on the readings and not the class lectures.
Students suggested making the lectures more engaging and making the exams and homework
assignments more related to the class lectures. Prospective students should know that this is an
interesting course that covers many exciting topics.
AS.270.308.01
Population/Comm Ecology
Katalin Szlavecz
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the passionate and effective professor, the interesting course
content, and the interactive textbook, SimuText. The worst aspects of this course included the lack of
assignments to help students perform well, as grades were determined solely by two exams. Students
also felt it was difficult to retain the course material, as there were no supportive textbooks or detailed
lecture notes. The course would be greatly improved if the exams were divided evenly throughout the
semester and if there were better course materials like textbooks and lecture slides to help students
effectively retain the information. Prospective students should know the course is very interesting, but
requires excellent performance on the homework and exams in order to be successful.
AS.270.309.01
Designing Sustainable Wellness
Alexios Monopolis, Cindy Parker
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussion-based classes and the engaging material.
Students enjoyed the personal projects and the ability to interact with the subject outside of the
classroom. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of structure and guidance from the
professor because it made things less focused and disorganized. The course would improve if it had
more structure and direction from the professor in the form of a syllabus or well-outlined class
expectations. Prospective students should know that this is a laid back and interesting course worth
taking. Students will learn a lot as long as they are open-minded and participate in the course from week
to week.
AS.270.311.01
Geobiology
Naomi Levin
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
93
The best aspects of this course included the enthusiastic professor and interesting subject material.
However, students found the lectures disorganized and hard to follow, and said they did not prepare
students for the exams. The course would be most improved if the lectures were more organized and
informative in the way they were presented to students. There could also be more assignments and
course materials like textbooks to go along with the notes students took in lectures. Prospective
students should know that this is a great course which requires a significant amount of reading.
AS.270.318.01
Remote Sensing of the Environment
Benjamin Zaitchik
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.270.335.01
Planets, Life and the Universe
Jocelyne Diruggiero, Naomi Levin, Colin Norman
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the variety of topics discussed every week. However, many students
were frustrated that often the lecturers' topics overlapped, so it was hard to know what information
was relevant. Also, students felt the open book quizzes were not a good reflection of class participation.
The course would improve if the course itself was more organized and the lecture topics were cohesive
and well-coordinated. Prospective students should know that it's an interesting course with relatively
light work.
AS.270.378.01
Present & Future Climate
Benjamin Zaitchik
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
94
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
EAST ASIAN DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.310.105.01
Medicine and Society in China: From the Song to the Republican Period
Ying Zhang
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.310.215.01
Enlightenment, Empire, and Democracy: Transnational Political Cultures in E
Adam Bronson
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the passionate and engaging professor. He incorporated lots of
readings and lecture materials in an organized way that kept students interested. The worst aspects of
the course were the excessive reading and writing due each class period. The course would be improved
if the readings were trimmed down and more focused. The course deals a lot with Japanese history even
though the course is meant to be tailored towards all of East Asia. Prospective students should know
that this course requires a lot of reading, writing, and class participation in order to achieve maximum
success.
AS.310.221.01
Introduction to Eastern Religious Traditions
Jay Valentine
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enthusiastic professor and the really interesting course
material. Students loved learning about a wide range of religions in the form of student presentations
and active class discussions. The worst aspects included the vast amount of information that was
95
covered in a short period of time. There was so much material to discuss and students wished the
course had been more focused. The course could be improved if the course itself was narrowed to a just
a few religions and traditions so they could each be dealt with more in-depth. Prospective students
should know that this course is very simplistic and that they need to engage their thoughts with
everything discussed in class, in order to translate them into good papers.
AS.310.305.01
Southeast Asia and US Security
Marvin Ott
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the extremely experienced and knowledgeable professor. Professor
Ott delivered engaging and interesting lectures, while encouraging dialogue from all students. The worst
aspect of this course was the grading system, which consisted of only two assignments spaced really
close together. To improve the course, students suggest giving more assignments that are spaced
equally throughout the semester. Prospective students should know that this is an insightful class and
they will learn a lot about Southeast Asia.
96
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
ECONOMICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.180.101.01-24
Elem of Macroeconomics
Louis Maccini
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the extremely helpful lectures from the professor, the detailed
slides, and real-life applications of the concepts that were being taught. The worst aspect of this course
was the teaching assistants and their inability to properly relay information to students. Students felt
the course could be improved if they received more practice problems to help them on the difficult
exams. Prospective students should know that the course is adequately structured and graded fairly.
Weekly attendance and reading will help students stay on top of the course.
AS.180.228.01
Economic Development
Mark Gersovitz
Overall quality of the class: 3.41
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interesting and straight-forward course material, which was
relayed by an effective professor. The worst aspect of the course was the boring and disorganized
lectures, which often went off topic. There was also a lack of cohesiveness between the professor and
the teaching assistants. The course would improve if lectures were more engaging and interactive. It
would also improve if the teaching assistants were more organized and aware of what was going on in
the class. Prospective students should know that this is an effective economics course with fair exams
and a light workload.
AS.180.241.01
International Trade
Trent Bertrand
97
Overall quality of the class: 3.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the insightful textbook and the flexible professor whose
teachings were always adjusted to match the needs of his students. The professor's exams were also
straightforward and fair. The worst aspects of this course included the ineffective lectures, material
presentations, and the lack of correlation between what students learned in class and their actual
exams. The professor wasn't able to communicate the difficult content effectively and he was also
inaccessible after class hours. The course would improve if the lectures were clearer and structured with
more focus on concepts than techniques. Prospective students should know that this is a tough but
interesting economics course that they can be successful in as long as they attend lectures consistently
and keep up with the readings.
AS.180.252.01
Economics of Discrimination
Barbara Morgan
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course materials and readings. Students also
enjoyed in-class debates as a way to discuss the lecture topics. The worst aspect of the course was the
weekly responses, as they became excessive for students and were often graded subjectively. Students
also felt like the long class time contributed to dull and hard to follow lectures. The course would greatly
improve if the class met for shorter periods during the week and if there was more feedback on the
weekly assignments. Prospective students should know that this is a somewhat difficult economics
course which involves a heavy amount of reading. While some background in microeconomics is useful,
students who plan ahead and stay on top of their work are sure to be successful.
AS.180.261.01
Monetary Analysis
Laurence Ball
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the informative textbooks and the organized professor who
presented highly practical content in an effective way. The worst aspect of this course was that the
professor's lectures never seemed to deviate from the textbook, making them very dull. The course
would improve if there were more effective teaching assistants, a less subjective grading system and,
class lecture topics which differed more from the textbook. Prospective students should know that this
is a straightforward economics course where they will learn a lot about financial markets. As long as
students complete all homework assignments, keep up with the textbook readings, and study for exams,
they are sure to do well in the course.
AS.180.263.01
Corporate Finance
Gregory Duffee
98
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the humorous and highly energized professor who kept the class
interesting, while relaying the material in an effective way for the students. The worst aspects of this
course included the exams and lecture topics. The course was very fast paced, making it very hard for
students to grasp the content. The course would be improved if there were homework problems or
accompanying problem sets to help students better understand the course content. Prospective
students should know that this course involves some challenging concepts and it is necessary to stay on
top of the readings and lectures.
AS.180.289.01
Economics of Health
David Bishai
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the wellorganized, engaging lectures provided by a dynamic and
passionate lecturer. The worst aspects of the course included the long class sessions and difficult exams
which made up a large portion of student grades. The course would improve if the lectures were more
structured with content similar to the problems on the homework and exams. Also, students
recommended the class meet more than once a week for shorter periods of time. Prospective students
should know that this is a great class with somewhat challenging exams and that it would be helpful if
they have a little background in economics before going into the course.
AS.180.301.01-04
Microeconomic Theory
M Khan
Overall quality of the class: 2.49
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the comedic and passionate professor, as well as the teaching
assistant, who many found to be extremely helpful in explaining the course material. The worst aspects
of the class included the disorganized and hard to follow lectures, as well as the lack of adequate
preparation for the exams. Many students also found that the professor did not stick to the syllabus,
and his disorganization had a negative effect on the course's effectiveness. Suggestions for improving
the course included a more structured and organized lesson plan, an increase of problem sets for
helping students with the content, and a more effective teaching style. Prospective students should be
aware that this is an extremely rigorous course that requires a lot of math and critical thinking.
AS.180.303.01
The Global Finance Crisis
Olivier Jeanne
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
99
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting subject material which was relevant to current
events. Students found the debates to be an engaging way of learning the course material and also
enjoyed the very knowledgeable professor. The worst aspects of this course included the difficult
problem sets and dull lectures. The course would be improved if the class sessions were more
interactive and if the students had more assistance with the problems sets and exams. Prospective
students should know that this is an interesting economic course with very interesting subject material.
Regular attendance and attentive reading will ensure students are successful in the course.
AS.180.310.01
Economics of Antitrust
Bruce Hamilton
Overall quality of the class: 4.74
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size and the interactive class discussions. The
professor showed lots of enthusiasm for the material and students found the anti-trust content to be
very interesting. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of clarity on some of the assignments
and papers, as well as the limited number of assignments available to make up the students' grades. The
course would improve by more class participation amongst students and more clarity on the
assignments. Prospective students should know that this is a great and worthwhile course to take that
comes with manageable readings.
AS.180.334.01-02
Econometrics
Elena Krasnokutskaya
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the final project, the straightforward exams, and section
meetings that helped reinforce what the students were learning. The lectures involved applicable
economic principles and the problem sets were very effective in ensuring students understood the
material. The worst aspect of the course was the boring and lengthy lectures. The course would improve
if it were to be split into two different meeting times and if the lectures could somehow be more
interactive or engaging. Prospective students should have a strong statistics background in order to take
this somewhat intense, but fair economics course.
AS.180.355.01
Economics of Poverty and Inequality
Robert Moffitt
Overall quality of the class: 4.37
Summary:
100
One of the best aspects of this course was the interesting and applicable material. The classroom
discussions were also fantastic and helped shed light into the course content. The worst aspect of the
course was the dull and unengaging lectures. The course could improve if there were more active class
discussions and interactive lectures. Prospective students should be prepared to participate in class
discussions and do lots of writing in this fairly interesting economics course.
AS.180.367.01
Investment-Portfolio Mgt
Jonathan Wright
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fascinating and practical course material, as well as
straightforward lectures and exams. The worst aspects of the course included the dull lectures and the
ineffective teaching assistants, who had difficulty staying on schedule. The course would improve if the
lectures were more engaging and focused. It would also improve if the practice problems were more
relevant and applicable to the real world. Prospective students should know that this course involves a
fair amount of work and they should endeavor to attend all lectures.
AS.180.371.01
Industrial Organization
Elena Krasnokutskaya
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the challenging but interesting subject matter, and the easy to
follow lectures, which were accompanied by real-life examples of industrial organization. The grading
system was very fair and the exams were straightforward. The worst aspects of the course included the
lack of class interaction and the confusion of the professors notes. The course could be improved if the
professor provided better quality notes. Prospective students should have a mathematical and
economical background to take this course, which offers them mathematical models of how the markets
work.
101
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.520.137.01
Intro to Elec & Comp Eng
Trac Duy Tran
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
Students said the professor was enthusiastic and very approachable. They also liked getting hands-on
lab experience. As for a negative aspect, the lectures were hard to pay attention to. Also the homework
was very difficult and time-consuming. Students suggested making the lectures more interactive and
having a longer lab period. Students said this course provides a good introduction to the major. It is
difficult, especially if you don't have experience with circuits, but if you seek help from the professor you
can do well.
EN.520.211.02
ECE Engineering Team Project
Jin Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
Students said this is a very self-guided, hands-on course. They enjoyed working in groups. Since there is
no set schedule or structure, it can be hard to know what you should be doing. Students suggested that
the course would be improved by having some more structure or direction. Overall, students
recommended this course because it was not too much work and it was a fun way to get hands-on
experience.
EN.520.213.01
Circuits
Howard Weinert
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
102
Summary:
Students liked the interesting and useful material. They also liked the fact that the final was not
mandatory for those who did well on the midterms. They did not like that the teacher's methods were
different from the textbook, and found him very unapproachable. They suggested making the
homework required or having solutions to the textbook problems for more practice. Students are
encouraged to do the homework even though it is not required. Students may need to do a lot of
studying on their own to master the material.
EN.520.219.01
Fields,Matter & Waves
Mark Foster
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
Summary:
Students said the best parts of this course were the interesting material and the accessibility of the
professor. However, they said the exams were more difficult than the material covered in lectures. Also,
the professor was slow to return homework and there were not enough practice problems.
They suggested getting homework back sooner and having more practice problems that are similar to
the exams. Students should have taken calculus III before taking this course. It is a challenging course,
and students recommend taking advantage of office hours for help from the professor.
EN.520.315.01
Introduction to Information Processing of Sensory Signals
Hynek Hermansky
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
Students found the material very interesting and said the professor was a good lecturer. Some students
thought the professor covered the material too superficially and should have gone into more depth.
Some students also suggested adding a discussion section with the TA and more practice with the
course concepts. Students considering this course should have some background in signals and systems.
Overall, students recommended it as a fun and interesting course.
EN.520.345.01-03
ECE Laboratory
Amy Foster, Jin Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
Students said this course was a good way to learn the basics of electrical engineering. They enjoyed the
hands-on lab experience. As for negative aspects, some students thought the lectures did not prepare
them for labs, and that the labs were not explained clearly. Suggestions for improvement included more
thorough explanations of concepts before the labs and clearer lab instructions. The course is easier if
you have already taken a circuit's course. Students are encouraged to do the reading before class and
keep up with their work.
103
EN.520.349.01-02
Microprocessor Lab I
Robert Glaser
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Students enjoyed doing the lab projects and said the TA was helpful. They did not like how time-
consuming the projects were. A suggestion for improvement was more instruction on how to do the lab
projects. Students should know that the course is a lot of work. They should start assignments early in
order to keep up.
EN.520.403.01
Introduction to Optical Instruments
Jacob Khurgin
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
Students liked the professor's teaching style and the practicality of the material. The downsides of the
course included the large amount of content and confusing homework assignments. Some students
suggested making the homework assignments more rigorous or more clearly defined. Overall, students
said this is a useful course that will give you a solid understanding of optics. Students should have a good
mathematical background.
EN.520.414.01
Image Processing & Analysis
John Goutsias
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the professor, who was a good lecturer, and the organized lecture
notes he made available before class. The course provided a good introduction to image processing. The
negative aspects were that the lectures did not prepare students for the difficult homework
assignments, and there were not enough examples in class. Also, students did not like that there was
only one midterm. They suggested including more examples or practice problems in the class. Students
planning on taking this course should have some familiarity with signals and systems.
EN.520.419.01
Iterative Algorithms
Gerard Meyer
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
104
Students noted that the professor was engaging and informative. They also found the MATLAB
programming assignments helpful. Some students thought the course did not have enough practical
work. Suggestions for improvement included making the MATLAB assignments more intensive, as well
as better communication on the part of the professor. Students considering this course should have
some command of MATLAB, as it involves a lot of MATLAB programming.
EN.520.424.01-02
FPGA Synthesis Lab
Robert Jenkins
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
Students said the hands-on projects challenged them to improve their programming skills and work
through problems to get their programs working. The workload is heavy and students said some
questions on assignments were not clear. They suggested having more guidance on assignments and
better feedback. Overall, it is a tough course and a lot of work, but students said it is worth it. The
course will greatly improve students' skills as an engineer.
EN.520.427.01
Product Design Lab
Ralph Etienne Cummings
Overall quality of the class: 3.54
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning about the process of designing a product from start to finish. However, they
felt that the professor did not offer enough guidance on what was expected of them and that he did not
give enough feedback on assignments. Students suggested that better grading guidelines and feedback
would improve the course. Overall, students said the course is a good experience. It is best if students
come in with an idea of the project they would like to work on.
EN.520.432.01
Medical Imaging Systems
Jerry Prince
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
Students noted that the course offers a good overview of medical imaging systems and that the
professor was very organized. Some students found the weekly quizzes overwhelming and felt that the
course moved too fast. Suggestions for improvement included going over more examples in-class or
having more practice problems to prepare for the exams. Students should expect a math-intensive
course with a heavy workload. Students recommend reading the textbook and said having some
background in signals and systems is helpful.
EN.520.435.01
Digital Signal Processing
Howard Weinert
105
Overall quality of the class: 3.84
Summary:
Students enjoyed the practical course material. They also said that the professor was knowledgeable
and an effective teacher. Some students said that the lectures did not prepare them for the homework
and that the exams were overly difficult. Many students also felt that the professor did not care about
students' success in the course. Students suggested having more examples in class or more practice
problems and making the exams more like the homework problems. Students with a solid background in
signals and systems will benefit from this course, but it is very challenging if you don't have much
experience with the subject.
EN.520.445.01
Audio Signal Processing
Mounya Elhilali
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Students said the projects gave them experience with real-life applications of speech processing. They
also liked the clear lectures and reasonable workload. Some students found the lectures boring and
thought the professor didn't go into enough detail for some topics. They also said there was not enough
feedback on assignments. Students suggested either grading the homework or getting rid of it
completely. Students should know that the course involves MATLAB programming and that some
biology background is helpful.
EN.520.452.02
Advanced ECE Engineering Team Project
Jin Kang
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
Students enjoyed working independently and doing hands-on projects. However, they felt they did not
get enough guidance. Students suggested that more help from the professor or TAs would have
improved the course. Overall, students said this is a fun, hands-on course. The workload greatly varies
depending on what your project is.
EN.520.457.01
Basics of Wave and Quantum Mechanics
Alexander Kaplan
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
Students said the course provided a good overview of quantum physics. They also said the professor was
willing to help when they had questions. Some students did not like the 3-hour lecture format. Some
also felt that the professor did not cover the material thoroughly enough. Students suggested splitting
106
the lecture up into two shorter sessions. Students should know that this class has no exams, but they
should plan to spend a lot of time doing the homework.
EN.520.485.01
Advanced Semiconductor Devices
Jacob Khurgin
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
Students said they learned a lot about semiconductors from this class and they liked having take-home
exams. Students did not like the professor's teaching style and said his lectures were hard to follow.
Students suggested that the professor should make his slides more clear and do a better job of
explaining the math behind concepts. Students said that this course had an average workload, and that
having some background in the subject is helpful.
EN.520.491.01
CAD Design of Digital VLSI Systems I (Seniors/Grads)
Ralph Etienne Cummings
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
Students said the best parts of this course were the hands-on work, engaging lectures, and lessons in
cadence. However, they felt they did not get enough guidance or feedback on assignments. They also
said the professor was often hard to reach. Students suggested that the course would be improved if the
professor spent more time teaching fundamentals of the software programs used. Students said that
the course is a lot of work, especially the final project, but overall it teaches you a lot.
EN.520.515.01
Processing of Audio and Visual Signals
Hynek Hermansky
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.601.01
Introduction to Linear Systems Theory
Danielle Tarraf
Overall quality of the class: 4.41
Summary:
Students said the professor was well prepared and presented the material clearly. They also said the
challenging homework assignments helped them learn the material well. Some students felt that the
professor went over the material too quickly and did not explain difficult concepts thoroughly. Students
suggested going over fewer proofs in class and instead focusing more on applications or more detailed
107
explanations of theorems. Students should know that the class is demanding and will be very difficult if
they have not taken linear algebra.
EN.520.622.01
Principles of Complex Networked Systems
John Goutsias
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting topic, which covered a newly developing field of research. They also
said the professor effectively explained the material and gave engaging lectures. Students had difficulty
understanding some of the algorithms or how to use them. The course would be improved by having a
discussion section for students to ask more questions. This course is a good introduction to an
interesting field and has a fairly light workload, which involves a project at the end of the semester.
EN.520.646.01
Wavelets & Filter Banks
Trac Duy Tran
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was developing a strong understanding of wavelets and their uses. The
professor was organized, clear and approachable. The downsides included the difficulty of the textbook
and that the exam problems were not always representative of the material learned in class. Students
suggested that the professor should have covered a broader variety of applications and should have
given more example problems. Students should have a good background in digital signal processing and
review those concepts before the course.
EN.520.651.01
Random Signal Analysis
Sanjeev Khudanpur, Jerry Prince
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
Students said this course provides a thorough overview of the material, including more advanced
concepts. They liked the professor's teaching style and said the coursework was helpful. They said the
homework was time-consuming and sometimes overwhelming. In addition, sometimes the homework
tested material that had not been covered in the lectures. Students suggested including more practical
examples, and grading all the homework problems instead of just one. Students should have a strong
math and probability background for this course. It is difficult and time-consuming, but is a very useful
course with widely applicable material.
EN.520.771.01
Advanced Integrated Circuits
Andreas Andreou, Ralph Etienne Cummings
108
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.773.01
Adv Tpcs in Micro Fab
Andreas Andreou
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
109
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.662.611.01
Accounting and Finance
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.76
Summary:
Students enjoyed the professor's effective teaching style and her approachability. They appreciated how
she included examples to help them better understand the material. They did not like the three-hour
long lectures and found them hard to follow. Some students suggested splitting the lectures into two
classes per week instead of one. Students said to make sure to keep up with the material or you will fall
behind quickly.
EN.662.651.02
Marketing Communication and Strategy
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning real-life business skills like business plan writing and marketing strategies.
Some students thought the expectations for assignments were not clear. Suggestions for improvement
included more teaching of skills in class rather than just discussing case studies. Some students also
suggested having clearer directions for the homework. Students should expect a course with a lot of
writing and discussions.
110
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
ENGLISH DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.060.100.01
Intro Expository Writing
Patricia Kain
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best part of this course was learning techniques for improving writing skills. Students enjoyed the
small class setting and getting lots of feedback on their papers and essays. The worst aspect of the
course was the long and dull lectures. The lessons were often taught in a short amount of time and had
available class time left-over. The course would be improved if the class were more exciting and if the
professor made more effective use of the class time. Also, the course would be improved if the students
had more opportunities for feedback on their writing instead of waiting for the conferences. The course
is recommended for anyone who wants to improve their writing skills and develop better arguments in
their essays.
AS.060.100.02-03
Intro Expository Writing
William Evans
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the informative course readings, the small class size, and the
organized professor who delivered the topics in an effective way to students. The students loved the
tutorials the professor offered for each writing assignment because it ensured they were on the right
track in their writing. The worst aspect of the course was the professor's insensitivity while dealing with
the students at times. He often intimidated students with his presence and harsh criticism. The course
would be improved if the professor were more understanding and clearer about his expectations of his
students. Prospective students should know that this is a very effective course with a manageable
workload that is sure to improve their writing skills.
AS.060.100.04-05
111
Intro Expository Writing
Sarah Manekin
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the small, hands-on class sessions in which the professor was
effectively able to deliver the course content. Students also received helpful, individualized meetings
with the professor, which improved their writing skills. The worst aspects of this course included the
heavy and sometimes difficult readings, as well as the dull nature of the lectures. The course would be
improved if readings and class activities were more engaging. Prospective students should know that
this is a moderately challenging course and it will help them improve their writing as long as they follow
the guidelines and take advantage of meetings with the professor.
AS.060.100.08-09
Intro Expository Writing
Marie O'Connor
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the content, which helped students learn how to write better
scholarly papers and essays. Students enjoyed conference discussions with the professor and received
regular feedback on their work. The worst aspect of this course was the dull and repetitive nature of the
course concepts. The course would be improved if it were more structured to include diversified
materials, and if there was more in-class writing to help students practice their skills. Prospective
students should know that this is a work intensive course designed to help students develop better
writing skills, and they will learn a lot because of the individualized attention they will receive.
AS.060.107.01
Introduction to Literary Study
Mark Thompson
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interesting lectures delivered by a pleasant and very
knowledgeable professor. Students got to explore a range of literary concepts and diverse readings. The
worst aspects of this course included the professor's lack of feedback on student essays and
assignments, as well as the lack of interaction in the class because of its large size. The course would be
improved if the students received feedback on their work and if the class engaged in more discussions.
Prospective students should know that this is an exciting course for students passionate about
literature, but it involves lots of reading and writing.
AS.060.107.02
Introduction to Literary Study
Adam Grener
112
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the well-structured setting, in which a wide range of literary
topics were covered and the intellectual class discussions. The worst aspects of the course included
excessive readings and heavy grading that often focused too much on the technical aspects of writing.
The course would be improved if the class discussions were more focused and topic specific in order for
students to have a clearer understanding of the concepts. Prospective students should know that this is
a great introductory English and writing course. There is some extensive reading involved, but students
will find the workload very manageable.
AS.060.113.01
Expository Writing
John Waterman
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the great professor, the interesting material, and the helpful
feedback the professor gave on students' papers. A negative aspects was the classes disorganization,
with due dates often changing or unclear. Students also said that it took a long time to get feedback on
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included more interactive activities and more background
information for some of the readings on cognitive science. Students should be prepared to do a lot of
writing, but will enjoy working with Professor Waterman.
AS.060.113.02
Expository Writing
Adam Maskevich
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were learning important essay-writing skills and the topic of the class,
which covered some interesting historical and archaeological material. A negative aspect was that some
of the readings were very dry or too academic. Students suggested that the course would be improved
by getting more feedback on papers from the professor and having more one-on-one meetings.
Students should know that the course is reading and writing intensive. Students with an interest in Near
Eastern history or archaeology will enjoy the class, but if you are not interested in the topic you may find
it boring.
AS.060.113.03
Expository Writing
Amanda Zecca
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
113
Students said the course greatly improved their writing skills, especially the discussions and the writing
conferences with the professor. The negative aspects were that the peer reviews were not very useful,
and some students thought the professor did not give enough flexibility with the paper guidelines.
Suggestions for improvement included giving students more liberty on the style of their essays and more
feedback before papers were due. Students should be prepared to spend a lot of time reading, writing,
and revising. It also helps to have some interest in American Gothic literature.
AS.060.113.04
Expository Writing
Robert Webber
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting topic with relevance to current events, the
professor's helpful feedback on writing, and his approachability. As for negative aspects, the workload
was very heavy at the end of the semester, and some students said they did not fully understand the
paper expectations until midway through the course. Students suggested spending more time explaining
the expository writing style and spreading the work out more evenly. Students should know that the
course teaches a different style of writing than they are used to, so it will be challenging, but the
professor is very willing to help.
AS.060.113.05
Expository Writing
Robert Higney
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course topics and writing prompts. The worst
aspects of this course included the lengthy and sometimes overwhelming readings. Also, the students
would have liked to have more feedback in a timelier fashion. The course would improve if the class
sessions were more engaging and if students received more feedback on their writing assignments.
Prospective students should know that this course involves four essays and lots of reading.
AS.060.113.06
Expository Writing
Jonathon Hricko
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
Students noted that the professor was dedicated to helping students learn and gave very helpful
feedback on their writing. They said the challenging course improved their writing abilities. Some
students said that they got bored with the topic after writing so numerous essays. Students suggested
having more varied readings and writing assignments. Students should know that the course is very
writing intensive. They should be prepared to accept criticism and use it to improve their writing.
114
AS.060.113.08
Expository Writing
Anthony Wexler
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures and class discussions, as well as the draft
conferences where students received guidance on how to make their final drafts better. Students were
also given freedom to develop and write their own ideas. The worst aspects of the course included the
lengthy essays and the tight deadlines to complete them. The course would improve if the assignments
were more spaced out so that students had enough time to complete each one. Prospective students
should prepare to challenge themselves through essay assignments in this fantastic and manageable
course.
AS.060.113.09-10
Expository Writing
George Oppel
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the knowledgeable professor who was extremely attentive and caring
of the students. He provided students with lots of helpful feedback on their writing and effectively
engaged students in the reading and writing material. The worst aspects of the course included the
restrictive and tedious essays, as well as the overall level of difficulty of the course. The course would
improve if students had more time to do the essay assignments, and if the class sessions were more
interactive. Prospective students should know that this course involves a hefty amount of writing and
that the grading system is somewhat tough, but if they put forth effort, they will gain a lot from the
course.
AS.060.113.11
Expository Writing
John Matsui
Overall quality of the class: 2.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the one-on-one meetings with the professor and the history
lessons students received. However, students felt they did not learn as much as they had hoped about
improving their writing. The classes were unhelpful and students said the feedback on their assignments
was often not constructive. The course would improve if everything was restructured with more focused
lessons and assignments that were geared to helping students with their writing. Prospective students
should expect an interesting class with in-depth history lessons that may improve their writing.
AS.060.113.12
Expository Writing
Jacob Chilton
115
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the small, friendly class atmosphere and the stimulating
discussions. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of prompt responses, as well as feedback
on the essays. Students never got their essays back before the next ones were due, which left them with
no feedback on how to improve on their writing. The course would improve if students had more time
between each assignment and if the student essays were returned more promptly. Prospective students
should endeavor to keep up with all the essays and expect an amazing, discussion-filled class.
AS.060.113.13
Expository Writing
Grant Shreve
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interactive class discussions, fascinating readings and the
writing lessons. The worst aspect of the course was the onslaught of essays. Students had some
difficulty adjusting to and understanding the different essay assignments. The course would improve if
the syllabus was more organized and if the students had a better outline explaining the essay
expectations. Prospective students should prepare for lots of written assignments and interesting class
sessions where they will be doing lots critical thinking and analysis.
AS.060.113.14
Expository Writing
Maria Libina
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the helpful conferences with the professor and the lessons on
visual analysis through pieces of art. The students learned how to discuss artwork and found the classes
very enjoyable. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of clarity in some of the essay
assignments, as well as the inconsistent feedback students received on their papers. The course would
improve if there were more art pieces analyzed in the course, opposed to just one, and if clearer
guidelines were given for the essays. Prospective students should expect lots of weekly writing and
occasional mandatory meetings with the professor to help them improve on their writing.
AS.060.113.15
Expository Writing
Nan Zhang
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
116
The best aspect of the course was the fun and stimulating class discussions where students got to
analyze classics like James Joyce's "Dubliners." The worst aspect of the course was the lack of speedy
feedback on papers which made it difficult for students to improve their writing for the following
papers. Also, the class discussions were at times unmotivated and dull because not all students
participated. The course would improve if there were more assignments and readings to make the class
more interactive. It would also improve if class participation were made mandatory in order to make the
discussions livelier. Prospective students should be prepared to think critically and analytically in order
to complete the reading assignments and the four essays in this class.
AS.060.113.16
Expository Writing
Jessica Valdez
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the workshops, debates, and thought-provoking class
discussions. Students received helpful feedback from fellow students and the professor, which helped
them improve their writing. The worst aspect of the course was the dull and lengthy readings. The
course would improve if there were opportunities for more individual conferences and more focus on
writing principles. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of analytical reading and writing
involved in this toughly graded course.
AS.060.113.17-18
Expository Writing
Anne-Elizabeth Brodsky
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the helpful professor and the excellent feedback on students'
writing. Students enjoyed the conferences with the professor and felt their writing significantly
improved by taking this course. The worst aspects of the course included the awkward classroom,
repetitive materialm and the heavy workload. The course would improve if more time were spent
discussing and analyzing the readings. Prospective students should be prepared to do lots of reading in
this course that is sure to help them improve their writing.
AS.060.113.19
Expository Writing
David Schley
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the insightful discussions held by a truly invested professor and
the lessons on how to analyze maps. The worst aspect of the course was the occasionally dull and
repetitive class sessions. The class discussions often dragged and were one-dimensional. The course
would improve if more interesting topics and materials were introduced to make the class periods more
117
interesting and interactive. Prospective students should endeavor to attend all classes and keep up with
the essay assignments in this somewhat writing-intensive course.
AS.060.113.20
Expository Writing
Benjamin Parris
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the analytical readings, exciting class discussions, and different
writing topics. The worst aspects of the course included the challenging work load and readings.
Students also felt that the grading system was somewhat harsh and vague. The course would improve if
the students had more conferences and meetings with the professor to discuss analytical essay writing.
Prospective students should know that this course is writing and reading heavy, but will leave them
knowing how to write well-structured essays.
AS.060.113.21
Expository Writing
Andrew Sisson
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful feedback students received on their papers and the
Hitchcock films students were able to see. The professor gave engaging lectures and was always clear
about his expectations. The worst aspect of the course was the workshop sessions, as many students
found them unhelpful. The course would improve if more time was spent on discussion and the different
essay topics to help students' performance. Prospective students should know that this course involves
a fair amount of writing that will help them with their writing skills and interpretation of films.
AS.060.113.22
Expository Writing
Roger Maioli dos Santos
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the extremely helpful professor and the useful feedback
students received on their work. Students felt that their writing improved significantly by taking this
course. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy essay papers and final essay because
students felt somewhat rushed to do the assignments in a short amount of time. The course would
improve if the number of required essays were reduced so that students could spend more time on the
three main essays. Prospective students should know that this course involves a substantial amount of
reading and writing, but will definitely help them improve their writing if they put forth an effort.
AS.060.113.23
Expository Writing
118
Matthew Flaherty
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the class lessons on critical and analytical writing, as well as the
engaging discussions. The professor also provided students with helpful feedback on their individual
work. The worst aspects of this course included the unclear essay assignments and the subjective
grading. The course would improve if there were more clarity on the readings and the essay
requirements through additional discussions. Prospective students should be prepared to spend some
time with the readings and essay assignments so that they can participate in the discussions.
AS.060.125.01
Nineteenth-Century American Experimental Writing
Sharon Cameron
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the variety of reading materials, from novels to poetry, as well
as the professor, who was extremely engaged with the students and always provided help. Students
found that the expected writing level was rather high for a 100-level course. Also, there was sometimes
an overload of reading assigned, which was difficult to keep up with. Suggestions for improvement
included spending more time going over papers and receiving critical feedback. Prospective students
should have a decent background in writing, and enjoy reading to avoid being overwhelmed by the
workload.
AS.060.136.01
Literature of the American South
Elizabeth Steedley
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that Professor Steedley cared so much about the students' writing
improvement, which was made apparent in her detailed feedback on assignments. Students also
enjoyed the reading selection and the in-class analyses that were made on their behalf. Many students
felt that the class involved too much writing for a non-writing intensive course. Also, students did not
like meeting only once a week, as the course felt drawn out and less productive than it could have been.
Suggestions for improvement included fewer readings, with more in-depth discussions, and meeting
more than once a week to help spread things out. Prospective students should know that expectations
in general are high, so it is important to come prepared. Also, students should know that there is an
extensive amount of reading and writing involved.
AS.060.157.01
J.R.R. Tolkien and the Contemporary Fantasy Epic
Patrick Fessenbecker
119
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fantastic readings and the coinciding discussions that were
always well moderated. Professor Fessenbecker ensured not only balance, but understanding of various
topics. Most students felt that the course required an unrealistic amount of reading in compressed
frames of time. To improve the course, students suggested that the quantity of assigned readings be
decreased, which would allot wider frames of time to read and more in-depth discussions could occur.
Prospective students should know that this course involves a great deal of readings and corresponding
quizzes to ensure that it is being kept up with.
AS.060.160.01
The Scientist in Literature
Magdalena Vinter
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the discussion in regards to the assigned readings, which allowed
students to get a better understanding of the information. Professor Vinter provided an interesting
viewpoint on the topics discussed. Students felt that the professor graded harshly and that the sequence
of readings was odd in terms of course progression. Suggestions for improvement included allotting
some time to focus on writing better essays, as well as more in-depth discussions. Prospective students
should be ready to read and actively participate in this insightful course.
AS.060.207.01-04
Shakespeare
Andrew Daniel
Overall quality of the class: 4.66
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were Professor Daniel's unique perspective on Shakespeare and his
excellent presentations, which were fueled by his passion for the subject. Many students felt that the
pace of class was a bit too fast, which prevented them from being able to cover everything in depth.
Professor Daniel tried to cram all of the information into a short amount of time, which left students
feeling rushed and unable to more actively participate. A suggestion for improvement was slowing down
lectures to a pace that would allow more time to grasp the information. Prospective students should
know that a new play is assigned to read every week and it is important to keep up, as there are
corresponding assignments.
AS.060.219.01
American Literature to 1865
Jared Hickman
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
120
The best aspect of this course was Professor Hickman's great way of communicating material in a
thought provoking manner. Many students felt that there was a heavy amount of reading, which was
often dense. Students also found lectures dull and difficult to follow. A suggestion was to make the
readings more effective, whether that meant choosing different books to read, or reading less to make
time for deeper discussion. Prospective students should know that this course is reading intensive and
that exams can be rather difficult without ample preparation.
AS.060.276.01
Modern Drama
Robert Day
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Students enjoyed reading interesting plays and found the background readings helpful for putting them
into context. They also said the professor was knowledgeable, encouraging and good at leading
discussions. The negative aspect was the quizzes, which students felt tested too many minute details. A
suggestion for improvement was spreading out the reading so it didn't all need to be done over the
weekend. Students should know that the class requires reading a play each week and that class
participation is very important.
AS.060.278.01
Social Climbers and Charlatans in American Literature
Douglas Tye
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the engaging in-class discussions and the very approachable
professor. The discussions were thought-provoking and the instructor created a welcoming environment
that encouraged students to participate. Some students felt the discussions were too abstract or off-
topic, or that there were not enough lectures. Students suggested that the course would be improved
by more lectures on the historical context of the readings. Students should know that this course
involves a lot of reading, but it is enjoyable and has a great professor.
AS.060.306.01
The Rise of the Novel
Jesse Rosenthal
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The best parts of this course were reading interesting novels that are important within Western
literature and the engaging discussions about the books. The negative aspects were the long reading
assignments that were difficult to get through and the long class format, which made it hard to focus.
Suggestions for improvement included splitting up the lecture into two shorter sessions and cutting
down on some of the readings. Students should know that the class requires a lot of reading and literary
121
analysis. It helps to have some experience with literary analysis and participating in the discussions is
crucial.
AS.060.307.01
Training\Writing\Consulting
David Hershinow
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.326.01
Spectral Evidence
Jared Hickman
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting topic and the professor's skill at guiding discussions.
The negative aspects were the heavy reading and writing. Also, some students thought the discussions
were too focused on the theme of the course and did not cover the works' actual literary merit.
Suggestions for improvement included discussing a broader range of topics outside the theme of the
spectral and getting the discussion questions before class so students could better prepare. Students
should expect to do a lot of reading and writing, but the course is enjoyable and the grading is fair.
AS.060.330.01
The Contemporary Novel
Christopher Nealon
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting readings and the illuminating discussions in class. They said that the
professor was great at guiding the discussions and tying all the readings together. The downside was
that the readings were long and dense, which made it hard to get through them in the time allotted.
Suggestions for improvement included a smaller class size and providing some additional readings for
some background and criticism. Students are encouraged to keep up with the readings, take advantage
of office hours, and make sure to participate in class.
AS.060.375.01
Literature of the Holocaust
Eric Sundquist
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
Students liked the interesting readings and the discussion format of the class. They also liked having
students lead the discussion and the intellectual freedom the professor afforded them. The downsides
122
were the large amount of reading and that sometimes the discussions were slow when students did not
have much to say. Suggestions for improvement included having some lectures instead of just discussion
and providing some kind of prompt or guidance for the written assignments. Students should know that
they will need to schedule enough time to do all the reading. Additionally, it helps to have some
knowledge of the Holocaust or Judaism.
AS.060.378.01
Race and Psychoanalysis
Rani Neutill
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best part of this course was the readings which were intellectually stimulating and different from
what is taught in most English classes. Students also liked the well-led discussions and the movies shown
in class. A negative aspect of the course was how dense and theoretical the readings were. Some
students also thought the professor did not provide enough direction for the discussions. Students
suggested that the course would be improved by having some more guidance or prompts for the
discussions. Students should know that the class is very reading and writing intensive, but it is
worthwhile.
AS.060.386.01
Narrative, the Mind, and Human Experience
Adam Grener
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the fascinating readings and discussions. The professor was very
encouraging and gave helpful feedback on essays. The downsides were that it was hard to keep up with
the heavy reading assignments and the discussions were sometimes very slow. Suggestions for
improvement included more guidance for the discussions and more specific prompts for the Blackboard
posts. Students should be prepared to do a lot of reading and participate in the class discussions.
123
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
ENTREPRENEURSHIP & MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.660.105.01-06
Introduction to Business
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting and useful material. They also said the lectures were engaging and
entertaining. Students complained about the large amount of "busy work," which they felt was not
necessary or useful. They also said the exams covered too much information. Students suggested
changing the exam format and reducing the number of assignments, or making them more relevant to
the course material. Students should know that the course is not too difficult, but it does require a lot of
work.
EN.660.203.01;03
Financial Accounting
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
Students enjoyed the engaging and interactive lectures. The negative aspect of the course was the
heavy workload. Some students also felt the professor was unapproachable and intimidating. Students
suggested that the course would be improved if the professor taught slower and included more
examples. The course does not assume students have any background knowledge in accounting.
Students said the course is a lot of work, but it is manageable as long as you make an effort to keep up
with it.
EN.660.203.02
Financial Accounting
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
124
Summary:
Students noted that the professor is a clear lecturer and enthusiastic about the subject. However, some
found it hard to follow the material because the course moved too fast. They also said the exam
questions were often unexpected. Students recommended having practice tests and covering the
material in more depth. Overall, students said this course is a good introduction to financial accounting,
and is somewhat math-heavy. If students put in effort and do the homework they will do well.
EN.660.203.04
Financial Accounting
Gail Wright
Overall quality of the class: 3.59
Summary:
Students enjoyed improving their financial literacy and appreciated that the workload was not very
heavy. They said the professor was approachable and helpful. They did not like the long, once-a-week
lecture format. Suggestions for improvement included splitting the lecture into two sessions and using
visual aids during the lectures. Students recommended attending the lectures and doing the homework
problems even though they are not mandatory.
EN.660.250.01-02
Principles of Marketing
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
Students said this course provides a good introduction to marketing. They said the professor was very
engaging and they liked that she included examples and hands-on exercises in her lectures. They
thought the daily quizzes were too much work and said the videos shown in class were outdated.
Students suggested having fewer quizzes and having more guest lecturers. Students are encouraged to
keep up with the reading in order to do well on the frequent quizzes.
EN.660.250.03
Principles of Marketing
Marci DeVries
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students said this was a fun, interactive course. They liked the real-world examples and the group
projects. They did not like the daily quizzes and said they were difficult to prepare for. Students
suggested that the course would be improved if it had fewer quizzes and more meaningful homework
assignments or projects. Overall, students said the course was enjoyable and practical. It is a lot of
reading and work, but the grading is very fair.
EN.660.250.04
125
Principles of Marketing
Josianne Pennington
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students said they learned a lot about marketing and also got to apply what they learned. They liked the
enthusiastic professor and the guest speakers. They did not like the daily quizzes and thought they were
not an effective learning aid. Suggestions for improvement included having fewer quizzes and more
interactive activities. Students said this course was not too challenging, but interesting overall. They
recommended keeping up on the reading and starting the marketing plan early.
EN.660.250.05
Principles of Marketing
Cheryl Williams
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning from someone with experience in the field. They also liked the participatory
quality of the lectures. Some did not find the material very interesting and many said the long, once-a-
week lecture format made it hard to concentrate. Students suggested making the class more engaging
by having more hands-on projects and guest speakers. Overall, they said the class is not very difficult,
but you do need to keep up on the readings and participate.
EN.660.308.01
Business Law I
David Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
Students said the professor was an engaging lecturer who used a lot of examples to explain the material.
They said the three-hour lecture format made it hard to focus the whole time. Some students also didn't
like that there were very few assignments. Suggestions for improvement included splitting the lectures
into two sessions, having more frequent homework assignments, and making the class more interactive.
Overall, students said the course provides a good introduction to law and had a very reasonable
workload.
EN.660.308.02
Business Law I
W Rakes
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
Students found the material interesting and enjoyed the interactive lectures. They said it was hard to
focus during a three-hour night class. Some students also thought the material was too advanced for
126
someone without a background in the subject. Suggestions for improvement included more quizzes or
practice problems and more guest lecturers. Students recommended the course overall, even though it
was a bit harder than other sections. Students should expect a reading-heavy course.
EN.660.310.01
Case Studies in Business Ethics
Mark Franceschini
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the entertaining lectures and in-class discussions. Many students
thought the midterm exam was too hard and that they were not given enough guidance on what to
expect of it. Students suggested changing the format of the midterm or better exam preparation
beforehand. Students said the course covered interesting and ethical questions. Students should expect
a discussion-based course and should be prepared to be an active participant in class.
EN.660.311.01
Law and the Internet
Douglas Sandhaus
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
Students said the best parts of this course were the interesting lectures and the professor's enthusiasm
for the subject. They also liked going over case studies to learn about practical applications of the
material. They did not like the evening time slot and the long lectures. Overall, students really enjoyed
the professor and recommended the course as a good overview of internet law and intellectual
property.
EN.660.332.01
Leadership Theory
William Smedick
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
Students said they enjoyed the interesting topics covered and could apply the material to their own
lives. They also liked the experiential style of the course and the variety of assignments given. Students
did not like the large amount of work and said some of it was not very relevant. Students suggested that
the course would be improved by having more hands-on leadership experiences and more class
discussions. Students recommended this course as a fun class that will teach you a lot. Students should
know that the course is writing-intensive and they should be prepared to participate in class discussions.
EN.660.332.02
Leadership Theory
Donna Crane
127
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting lectures with real-world applications. They liked that the professor
shared her experiences from working in the field. The negative aspects of the course were the heavy
workload, tough grading, and the dry textbook. Student suggestions included making the writing
assignments shorter and giving more guidance on what is expected for assignments. Students should
expect a writing-intensive class and should be aware that the professor grades strictly.
EN.660.333.01
Leading Change
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students said the best parts of this course were the interesting readings and engaging lectures. They
also liked that the class was discussion-based. As for negative aspects, they said that the professor did
not give enough guidance for assignments and graded them harshly. Students' suggestions for
improvement included making the expectations for assignments clear, making the grading more
straightforward, and giving better feedback on completed assignments. Students should know that the
course is writing-intensive and harshly graded, but they will learn a lot of very useful material.
EN.660.335.01
Negotiation/Conflict
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning about material they had never studied before and getting hands-on practice
in class. A negative aspect was that students did not get enough guidance from the professor about the
assignments. They also said that grading took a long time and they did not get much feedback on
homework. Students said the course would be improved if they spent more time in class preparing for
negotiations, and had more class discussions about the negotiation experience. Overall, the class is fun,
useful, and very hands-on. Students should know that the course has a heavy workload, including a lot
of writing assignments.
EN.660.340.01
Principles of Management
Joshua Reiter
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
Students said the best parts of the course were the practical material, the in-class discussions, and the
group projects that allowed them to be creative. However, they said they did not get enough guidance
on assignments, and that the TA's feedback on projects was not helpful.
128
Students suggested having better guidance and feedback on projects, more discussion, and more
participation in class. Overall, students found the class interesting and liked the professor. They said the
course is not too much work, but there are a lot of group projects.
EN.660.351.01
Product and Brand Management
Donna Crane
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
Students said the course was well-taught with a lot of examples. They enjoyed the entertaining and
enthusiastic professor. They said the downsides of the class were that the textbook was confusing and
the homework assignments didn't always relate to material in lectures. They also found the grading
harsh. Students suggested having more interactive activities in class, and making the homework and
quizzes more related to the lecture content. Overall, students recommended this as a fun class with an
enjoyable professor and a reasonable workload.
EN.660.355.01
Sports Marketing
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting material, the real-life case studies, and the guest speakers. They also
said the professor was very willing to help students. The downsides of the course were that the textbook
and materials were outdated, in addition to the quizzes in each class being a lot of work. Some students
also thought the lectures were based too much on the textbook. Students suggested using more current
materials, and having more interactive activities or discussions in class. This is a great class if you are
interested in sports marketing, and it offers opportunities for networking.
EN.660.357.01
Copywriting and Creative Strategy
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
Students noted the professor was an effective teacher and they liked that he included examples of his
experience working in the field. Students also liked making an entire advertising campaign as the final
project. The downsides of the course included the heavy workload as it involved a lot of writing. Some
students said that there was too much work due all at once at the end of the semester, and that
sometimes assignments were unclear. They suggested making the lectures less focused on the textbook
and more focused on the professor's experience. Overall, students said this is a fun and challenging
course that is perfect for someone interested in marketing or advertising.
EN.660.358.01
129
International Marketing
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Students noted the best parts of this course were the case study lessons and guest speakers. They did
not like the quizzes in every class and thought the readings were too lengthy and dense. Students
suggested having the class focus less on the textbook and more on case studies. This is a good class for
someone interested in marketing or international business. Students should expect to do a lot of reading
and must be prepared to spend a lot of time on the final project.
EN.660.404.01
Business Law II
David Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
Students liked the interesting material and lectures for this course, as well as the light workload.
However, they said the long lectures got boring sometimes. Students suggested splitting the lecture into
two sessions instead of one. Overall they said it was a good course, and that the professor was very
helpful. Students should know that there are only two assignments in the course, so it is important to do
well on them.
EN.660.414.01
Financial Statement Analysis
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
Students said the professor was a great teacher who was very approachable. They liked the practical
course material which is useful for careers in finance. Some students said the class moved very quickly
and was overwhelming at times. In addition, the workload was inconsistent, varying from week to week.
Students suggested slowing down the pace of the course and spreading out the homework assignments
so they are more evenly spaced. This is a great class if you are interested in finance. It is quite time-
consuming, but you will learn a lot of useful knowledge.
EN.660.453.01
Social Media and Marketing
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
Students liked the relevant material and said the professor was knowledgeable in the subject. Some
students felt there were too many assignments and they were repetitive or redundant. Students
130
suggested not having a final exam and spending more time on other assignments or more case studies.
Overall, students enjoyed the class and said it gave them very marketable skills. They recommended the
course to those interested in social media marketing.
EN.660.460.01
Entrepreneurship
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
Students said the professor was engaging and knowledgeable. They liked doing hands-on, collaborative
projects and gained valuable practice doing presentations. The negative part of the class was the overall
disorganization. Due dates and grading were often unclear and Professor Rice often didn't give enough
time for assignments. Suggestions for improvement included a better structure for the course and
clearer instructions for assignments. Students should know that this class involves a lot of writing and
that the group projects can be time-consuming, but you will learn useful skills for writing and presenting
a business plan.
EN.660.461.01-02
Engineering Business and Management
Illysa Izenberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
Students liked learning skills that are applicable to real-life job situations. They also liked the interactive
format of the class and the ability to practice their skills through simulations. Some students thought the
case studies were unnecessary or repetitive. Additionally, the expectations for assignments were often
unclear. Students suggested that the course would be improved if the assignments were explained
better and if the workload was more spread out through the semester. Students interested in business
or management will enjoy this class. Students are advised to participate in class.
EN.660.461.03
Engineering Business and Management
Michael Agronin
Overall quality of the class: 4.37
Summary:
Students liked the professor's engaging teaching style and said his experience brought valuable insights
to the class. They also liked the interactive activities. However, many students felt the expectations for
assignments were not clear. Students suggested making all the classes highly interactive and giving
better guidance for the case studies. Overall, students recommended this course, as it teaches useful job
skills and is not too heavy on the workload.
131
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.061.140.01
Introduction to Cinema, 1892-1941
Meredith Ward
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class discussions, movie screenings, and the passionate
professor. The professor was able to engage students in the material with a very assortment of lectures,
films, and readings. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy lectures and late movie
screenings that left little room for class discussions. The course would be improved if it incorporated
journals or papers that allowed students to express their views on the readings and movies, as opposed
to just having constant class discussions. Prospective students should be prepared for a fun course
which they will enjoy if they participate regularly in class and attend all lectures.
AS.061.150.01
Introduction to Film Production
Matthew Porterfield
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the creative class atmosphere and hands-on learning
experience. Students got to practice and apply the techniques they learned each and every week. The
worst aspects of the course included the rushed class meeting times where there was often not enough
time to cover all of the content. The course would improve if it met more than once a week and if
students had more opportunity to learn the material throughout classroom assignments and regular film
screenings. Prospective students should be prepared for a fun course where they will get a hands-on
introduction to film making.
AS.061.152.01
132
Introduction to Digital Film
Jimmy Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the hands-on experience students got with handling cameras and
professional editing software. Professor Roche's passion for film made the course enjoyable. The worst
aspects of the course included the lengthy class periods and the unorganized scheduling which made it
difficult for students to shoot films. The course would improve if it reviewed more film techniques and if
more constructive feedback was provided. Prospective students should know that this course requires
lots of time outside of class and they will be making four or five short films during the semester.
AS.061.162.01
Lights, Camera, Action: Independent Film
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interesting selection of films. The professor was knowledgeable
about the subject matter and encouraged students to be observant about certain techniques while
watching different films. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class period and the post-
movie discussions which were often dull and uninspiring. The course would improve if the class length
were reduced and if the discussions were more guided so that students could be more engaged in the
content. Prospective students should know that this is an enjoyable one credit film course that meets
only four times during the semester.
AS.061.202.01
Personal Filmmaking: The Essay Film
John Mann
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the approachable and very attentive professor, who gave students
freedom with their individual projects and encouraged independent thinking. The worst aspect of the
course was the unapproachable teaching assistant. The course would improve if there was more
emphasis on digital film editing. The course would also improve if the students had more reading
assignments to familiarize themselves with the content before the final project. Prospective students
should be able to take constructive criticism and be ready to put forth effort into their creative film
projects.
AS.061.244.01
Film Genres
Lucy Bucknell
133
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class discussions and well-taught films that were chosen for
the class. The professor provided valuable feedback and was well invested in her students. The worst
aspects of the course included the weekly quizzes and the lengthy class period. The course would
improve if students had more film exposure through more reading and writing assignments. It would
also help if the course was split into two different meeting times and if there were no weekly quizzes.
Prospective students should know this is a great course that will enlighten them on different film genres
and that it comes with a relatively light workload.
AS.061.335.01
Monster Films
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the engaging class discussions, as they forced students to think
critically and analytically about the films they watched and learned about. The professor was very
knowledgeable and gave students lots of feedback on their papers. The worst aspects of the course
included the lack of adequate guidelines for student papers and the lengthy class time. The course
would improve if the professor provided clearer guidelines for the assignments and if perhaps the class
meeting time were divided into two weekly sessions. Prospective students should be prepared for a fun
course with lots of class discussions and film analysis. Those who want to be successful in the course
should complete all their assignments and dedicate the time to watch the assigned films so that they
can effectively participate in the class discussions.
AS.061.358.01
Directing Actors
Matthew Porterfield
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings and class discussions, as well as the
professor who brought his personal experience as a filmmaker and director to the class. Students
enjoyed the projects and acting exercises. The worst aspect of the course was the final project because
it was assigned very late in the semester, leaving students with an insufficient amount of time to
complete it. The course would improve if the students had practical work and assignments that focused
more on film directing. Prospective students should be prepared for a fun filled course with lots of
acting and creative film directing.
AS.061.361.01
Documentary Film Theory
John Mann
134
Overall quality of the class: 4.90
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the films and class discussions that were facilitated by a very
passionate professor. The professor elicited lots of interest in the material by encouraging students to
think critically about films. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of consistency in the film
screenings and overall class. The course would improve if there were more class discussions and perhaps
readings which encouraged students to think about the films beforehand. Prospective students should
be prepared to watch lots of documentaries and participate in the class discussions with an open mind.
AS.061.365.01
The New Hollywood: American Films of the Seventies
Linda DeLibero
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was studying interesting films which exposed students to the 1970s era.
The worst aspects of the course included the disorganization and lack of structure in the class. The class
discussions also lacked direction and focus at times. The course would improve if there was more
organization in the lectures and the discussions. Prospective students should be aware that this must-
take course assumes some background in film and involves weekly quizzes.
AS.061.391.01
Love and Film
Meredith Ward
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fantastic class discussions, intriguing readings, and well
taught lectures by an amazing professor. The professor was genuinely interested in the course material
and facilitated great discussions among the students. The worst aspects of the course included the
lengthy and occasionally dull readings, as well as the somewhat inconvenient class timing. The course
would improve if there were more in-class films and more time to discuss them. Prospective students
should be open to lots of interesting class discussions in this somewhat writing-intensive course.
AS.061.396.01
Modern Paris on Film
Laura Mason
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the films, readings, and class discussions, which gave students
insight into French history. Students enjoyed the film selections and felt the professor did a good job
135
evoking enthusiasm among students. The worst aspects of the course included the occasionally dense
readings and lack of clarity in the assigned papers. The course would improve if the students were given
clearer guidelines on the assignments and more focused readings. Prospective students should be aware
that this course involves weekly readings and a lot of film analysis.
136
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
GENERAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.500.101.01
What Is Engineering?
Michael Karweit
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
Students liked that this course gave them an overview of different areas of engineering. They also liked
the labs, especially the bridge project. Some students said the labs were tedious and that they didn't get
enough guidance on how to do them. Students also said the bridge project counted for too much of the
final grade. They suggested having more explanation of the labs and possibly having some guest
speakers. This is a good course to take if you are thinking about studying engineering and want to learn
more about the various fields of engineering.
EN.500.125.01
Spatial Reasoning and Visualization for Engineers
Katrina Ferrara
Overall quality of the class: 4.03
Summary:
Students said the class was fun and engaging. They liked the hands-on activities for practicing spatial
skills. Some thought the homework was repetitive or boring and thought the class could have moved
faster. Students suggested meeting every week instead of every two weeks and doing a greater variety
of activities. Overall, this is a fun, one-credit class that can improve your spatial and visual reasoning.
Students encouraged others to take it.
EN.500.200.01-02
Computing for Eng & Sci
Michael Karweit
Overall quality of the class: 2.95
137
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning programming basics and MATLAB through hands-on projects. However, many
students said that the professor did not teach MATLAB well and he was disorganized. They said he did
not prepare them well for the very difficult exams. Students suggested the course would be improved by
more organization and by the provision of lecture notes or practice problems for students who miss
class. They also suggested focusing more on the practical aspects of MATLAB programming and less on
theory. Students should know that this course does not have as much programming as other
introductory programming courses. Previous programming experience will make the class easier.
138
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.570.108.01
Intro Environmental Eng
Hedy Alavi
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Students mentioned that the professor was very engaging, approachable, and that he wanted his
students to do well. They liked the reasonable workload of this course and the extra credit field trip. As
for a negative aspect, students said the lectures were sometimes dry and hard to follow because the
professor used a Word document instead of slides. Also, some homework questions were not always
covered in lecture. Students suggested doing more hands-on problems in class to prepare for the
homework and having better lecture notes that clearly defined what is actually important to study.
Students should know that this course requires some math and problem sets, but overall it is not too
difficult and is a good introduction to the major.
EN.570.205.01
Ecology
Grace Brush
Overall quality of the class: 3.12
Summary:
Students noted that the best parts of this course were the interesting lectures and field trips, as well as
the knowledgeable and enthusiastic professor. Some thought the lectures were dull. Students also said
it was hard to know which information was important to study. They suggested improving the lecture
notes or handing out a review sheet so students know what to study. They also suggested that the
professor should use PowerPoint or change her lectures in order to make them more interactive.
Students should know that there is a lot of work at the end of the semester. They are encouraged to
take good notes in class.
EN.570.301.01
Environmental Engineering Fundamentals I
139
Kai Loon Chen
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
Students liked the subject matter and said the professor was very clear and organized. They also said the
many handouts and practice exams helped them understand the material. They said the worst parts of
the class were the harsh grading and the length of time it took to return homework and exams. Students
suggested giving partial credit and giving the homework back sooner. Some also said the course needed
more TA sessions or office hours for getting extra help. Students should know that the course uses a lot
of chemistry. Environmental engineering majors may find the course too easy, but it will be challenging
for others.
EN.570.305.01
Enviro Eng Systems Design
Joseph Ellis
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
Students noted that the best parts of this course were the professor and the group project. Students
also liked the straightforward homework and the flexible exam format. They said the material could be
confusing and that it was sometimes hard to follow the lecture slides. Students suggested doing more
example problems in class and going over the math more thoroughly. Students should know that the
material can be hard to grasp, but the homework and exams are straightforward. Fortunately, the
professor and TAs are willing to help.
EN.570.320.01
Topics on Appropriate and Sustainable Technology for Developing Communit
William Ball
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.334.01
Engineering Microecon
John Boland
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
Students mentioned that the best aspects of this course were the organized lectures and the very
helpful lecture notes. They also said the homework assignments and exams were a fair representation of
what was taught in class. Some students said the lectures were boring, and that the course was too easy
for students who had already taken microeconomics. Students suggested doing more in-class practice
problems or having a review session before exams. Overall, students said the class is not too difficult.
140
Students should know that the homework is graded on completion, not correctness, and the exams are
very fair.
EN.570.353.01
Hydrology
Markus Hilpert
Overall quality of the class: 2.45
Summary:
Students said the subject was interesting and had the potential to be a good course. However, most
people said the professor was ineffective and the class was too theoretical. They said the class was too
focused on mathematical equations and derivations and did not discuss actual hydrological applications.
Students suggested going over more example problems and real-world applications in class, and using a
more informative textbook. Overall, students said the course was very hard. Otherwise, try to get a
group of people to study with.
EN.570.403.01
Ecology
Grace Brush
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
Students mentioned that the professor was knowledgeable and approachable. They said the downsides
were that the lectures were sometime difficult to hear and there was not enough guidance for some of
the assignments. Suggestions for improvement included making lectures more interactive or varied and
clarifying directions for the assignments. Overall, students said this was an interesting and manageable
class. They encouraged students to pay attention and take good notes.
EN.570.406.01
Environmental History
Erica Schoenberger
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
Students liked the engaging discussion format of the class. They also liked the interesting readings and
exploring a topic of their choice for the final paper. Some students thought the readings were long and
dense; also, the writing assignments were graded too subjectively. They suggested going over some
background knowledge before the readings so that everyone was informed for the discussion. Students
should expect to do a lot of reading for this course, but it's worthwhile for anyone who is interested in
the topic.
EN.570.411.01
Engineering Microbiology
Edward Bouwer
141
Overall quality of the class: 4.52
Summary:
Students liked the engaging and enthusiastic professor. They also enjoyed the labs and the examples of
real-life applications. The worst aspect of the course was the very difficult exams. Students also said
they did not get enough guidance for some assignments and labs. Suggestions included smaller lab
groups, a grading rubric for lab write-ups, and review sessions before the exams. Students said this is a
challenging course, even if you have a biology background.
EN.570.419.01
Environ Eng Design I
Edward Bouwer
Overall quality of the class: 2.81
Summary:
Students enjoyed hearing from the various guest lecturers. However, they felt many of the lectures were
not related to the final project on dam removal. They said they did not get enough direction or feedback
on the assignments. Students suggested that the course needed clearer instructions for the design
project and more lectures that were relevant to the project topic. Overall, students said the class could
be interesting, but they were often confused on how to go about the assignments and what was
expected of them.
EN.570.428.01
Problems in Applied Economics Research
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of the class: 4.77
Summary:
Students enjoyed doing independent research and applying their skills to real-world situations. They also
said the professor was very helpful and supportive. Students did not have much criticisms of the class,
but said that your experience is dependent on what kind of work you are assigned to do. Students
should know that this course is a lot of work and very independent.
EN.570.442.01
Enviro Organic Chemistry
A Roberts
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
Students noted that the course was very challenging, but enjoyable, and that they learned methods that
were very applicable to real-world problems. The professor was engaging and took the time to answer
student questions. Students said the downsides of the course were the strict grading and professor's
unavailability for answering questions. They did not have many suggestions for improvement, but said
the professor could have been more available, or there could have been a TA. Students should expect a
challenging course and know that having some organic chemistry background is very helpful.
142
EN.570.443.01
Aquatic Chemistry
Alan Stone
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
Students noted that the professor was knowledgeable and gave entertaining lectures. They also liked
that he gave out a lot of useful study materials. Students said the downside of the course was that they
didn't understand the big picture very well because the professor focused too much on calculations.
Students suggested putting the concepts more into context and discussing more real-life applications.
Students should know that the course is challenging, but teaches important concepts in-depth. Students
recommended studying past exams and going to the professor for extra help if needed.
EN.570.445.01
Phys/Chem Processes I
William Ball
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
Students noted that the best aspects of this course were the practical material and the professor, who
was enthusiastic, knowledgeable, and nice. However, students disliked the professor's disorganization.
He often rushed through lectures and there were many mistakes in lecture notes, which took up a lot of
time to go over. Suggestions for improvement included better organization and more focus on the
important concepts rather than derivations. Students recommended reading the textbook because the
lectures were not very effective in teaching the material.
EN.570.470.01
Applied Econ & Finance
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
Summary:
Students mentioned that this course taught them very practical skills in financial modeling that would be
useful for jobs in finance. They also liked getting weekly feedback from the professor. They did not have
many criticisms of the class and were mostly happy the way it was. They did suggest that having some
group projects might improve the course. Students should know that the course is very challenging and
independent in nature, but also very rewarding.
EN.570.487.01
Financial Market Research
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
143
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.490.01
Solid Waste Engineering and Management
Hedy Alavi
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the relaxed seminar setting and class field trip. The professor
was very experienced in the subject matter and he made plenty of resources available to ensure
students understood the material. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class periods
and the vast amount of material that had to be covered in the class. There was also a lack of clarity in
some of the projects and assignments, which made it difficult for students to complete them. The
course would improve if it were to be divided into two different class periods and if there was more
clarity on some of the assignments and projects. Prospective students should know that this course is
laidback and they will learn much if they keep up with the assignments and take advantage of the
lecture notes.
EN.570.493.01
Economic Foundations for Public Decision Making
John Boland
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the clear and concise lectures by the professor and the overall
learning module of the class. Students felt like the professor genuinely wanted to help them understand
the content and provided homework assignments that were equal to the level of difficulty on the exams.
The worst aspect of the course was the exams, which some students found slightly difficult. The course
would improve if the class were more challenging for students and if they got more reviews before the
exams. Prospective students should know that this is an interesting economic foundation course and
they will use some calculus in the beginning.
EN.570.495.01
Mathematical Foundations for Public Decision Making
Benjamin Hobbs
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures by the very humorous professor and the
comprehensive material students learned over the semester. The worst aspects of the course included
the challenging homework assignments and the disorganized teaching method. The professor's lectures
were sometimes hard to follow and a lot of the content was rushed, especially in the last few weeks of
class. The course would improve if more time was spent on the material and if students had more
144
supportive practice problems and handouts to help them with the content. Prospective students should
know that this is a fair course and that some math background is assumed.
EN.570.497.01
Risk and Decision Analysis
Seth Guikema
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the practical and applicable course content, as well as the
understandable lectures by the very passionate professor. The worst aspects of the course included the
lack of feedback on homework assignments and the late class time. The students also felt like there was
a lot of material that wasn't covered in lectures and it reflected on the quizzes. The course would
improve if the grading system was restructured and if the students had feedback on their assignments
so they could know if they were solving problems correctly. Prospective students should know that this
is a great course with lots of challenges and they should have a little background in statistics to be
successful.
EN.570.608.01
Data Analytics for Engineering, Policy Analysis and Management
Seth Guikema
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the useful and practical material that students learned throughout
the semester. The worst aspects of the course included the difficult course material and fast paced
lectures. The course was extremely difficult and there was a lot of content to cover in one semester. The
course would improve if there were more examples provided to students, as well as clearer lectures on
the content. Prospective students should have a strong background in statistics and be ready for a
challenge.
EN.570.661.01
Applied Math For Enginee
Markus Hilpert
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the wide range of applicable topics covered and the effective
lectures by an engaging professor. The homework assignments were also helpful in giving students
practice with the material and exams. The worst aspect of the course was consistently having homework
assignments returned to students in an untimely manner. The course would improve if students
received many more practice problems and if homework feedback came in a timelier fashion.
Prospective students should know that this straightforward course assumes calculus and basic ODE
knowledge.
145
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.210.101.01
French Elements I
Pervinca Rista
Overall quality of this course: 4.90
Summary:
The best parts of this course included the effective teacher and being immersed in French. The textbook
and other resources like videos were helpful for learning. Students said the negative aspect was that the
material could be tricky or frustrating. Students suggested spending more time on pronunciation
practice. This is a great introductory course for learning French. Students should know that they will
need to practice every-day to master the material.
AS.210.101.02
French Elements I
Claude Guillemard
Overall quality of this course: 4.40
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the passionate professor, and learning in a French-speaking
environment. The homework could be tedious, especially the grammar assignments. A suggestion for
improvement was more lecturing, especially on grammar topics. Students should expect a very fast-
paced class with daily homework assignments. While the course is a lot of work, the professor is
excellent, and the small class makes for a great learning environment.
AS.210.101.03
French Elements I
Kathryn Haklin
Overall quality of this course: 4.64
Summary:
146
The best parts of this course were that you start speaking French right away, and there are plenty of
opportunities to improve your grade throughout the semester. However, there is a lot of work involved
and the course was very difficult for students taking French for the first time. Suggestions for
improvement included having more one-on-one time with the professor or more in-class discussions to
practice speaking. Students should know that the class is a lot of work because you are learning a new
language. However, the professor is great and doing the assignments will help you learn.
AS.210.101.04
French Elements I
Autumn Vowles
Overall quality of this course: 4.77
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the hands-on learning, being immersed in French, and the engaging
professor. Students said the professor was very supportive and encouraging, which made for a positive
learning experience. The downsides were the heavy workload and the lack of individual attention in
class due to the large class size. A suggestion for improvement was less homework, with more speaking
and pronunciation practice. Students should expect a challenging class, but they will learn a lot if they
put in the effort.
AS.210.111.01
Spanish Elements I
Matteo Cantarello
Overall quality of this course: 4.29
Summary:
The best part of this course was that the small class size made for lots of opportunities to practice
Spanish. Students noted that their speaking and writing skills improved a lot. However, some students
said that the pace was too slow and that the lab activities were not helpful. Students suggested
eliminating the lab activities and going over more examples of common mistakes. Overall, the course is
not a lot of work, but you need to put in a lot of time on your own to really learn the material.
AS.210.111.02
Spanish Elements I
Lauren Judy
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
Summary:
Students liked the small class size and the interactive activities. They also said the professor was very
enthusiastic, made the class fun, and was always willing to help. However, many students didn't like the
online lab assignments. Some also thought the class was too slow for someone who has already taken
some Spanish. Students suggested that the course would be improved by having more speaking practice
in class and more small assignments to practice grammar. This is a great beginning course if you want to
learn Spanish. Students will need to read every day and make sure to participate in class.
147
AS.210.111.03
Spanish Elements I
Christian Pack
Overall quality of this course: 4.50
Summary:
Students liked the professor's fun and engaging teaching style, as well as the interactive classes, which
incorporated movies and music. Sometimes there was not enough participation, and students said it
was hard to participate because of the larger class size. Also, sometimes discussion would get off topic.
Suggestions for improvement included making the discussions more focused, getting rid of the lab
exercises, and having more speaking practice in class. The class is a well-taught introduction to Spanish,
and the workload is not difficult if you keep up with the assignments.
AS.210.111.04
Spanish Elements I
Francisco Gomez Martos
Overall quality of this course: 4.29
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the small class size and the emphasis on discussion, which gave
students a lot of time to practice their speaking skills. The professor and TA always spoke Spanish, which
was great for reinforcing the language. Aspects that students did not like were the online lab exercises
and the fact that not everyone was at the same level of Spanish. Suggestions for improvement included
fairer grading of the online exercises and having fewer exams. The class is challenging for a beginner, but
if you have taken Spanish already the course will be very easy.
AS.210.112.01
Spanish Elements II
Amy Sheeran
Overall quality of this course: 4.45
Summary:
Students liked the in-class discussions and the amount of Spanish conversation. They also said that the
professor gave helpful corrections and was always willing to answer students' questions. The negative
aspects of the course were the grading of the MySpanishLab exercises and that it could be hard to
understand the professor. A suggestion for improvement was more opportunities to practice speaking
either in class or outside of class. Students should know that the class moves quickly, but it is fairly easy
to do well if you keep up with the work.
AS.210.112.02-04
Spanish Elements II
Michelle Tracy
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
148
Summary:
Students liked the small, participatory format of the class and the variety of activities. They said the
professor was passionate and engaging. The negative aspect of the course was the MySpanishLab
activities, which were tedious and frustrating. Suggestions for improvement included changing or
getting rid of the MySpanishLab activities and having more conversation and listening practice in class.
Students are encouraged to spend time studying outside of class if they want to do well.
AS.210.112.05
Spanish Elements II
Maria Ruhlmann
Overall quality of this course: 3.45
Summary:
Students liked being immersed in Spanish and using various multimedia to learn the language. The
negative aspects of the course were that the teaching was not very effective and required students to
learn a lot of the material on their own. Students suggested that the course would be improved by more
in-depth teaching of grammar principles. Students should know that the course is taught entirely in
Spanish, so it requires a basic level of understanding and speaking the language. If you read every day
and do the assignments you will learn a lot from this course.
AS.210.151.01
Italian Elements I
Lorenzo Bacchini
Overall quality of the class: 2.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.151.02
Italian Elements I
Rebecca Lee Green
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the variety of course assignments and the interesting Italian
language that students got to learn. The worst aspect of this course was the time-consuming Sentieri
assignments that often didn't correspond with what the students were learning in class. The course
would improve if the assignments were better organized and tailored to correspond with what students
were learning. Also, the course would improve if it involved more in-depth discussions of vocabulary and
grammar concepts. Prospective students should know that this course involves a lot of outside work.
They should endeavor to stay on top of class readings, homework assignments, and take full advantage
of the extra resources provided.
AS.210.151.03
Italian Elements I
Alyssa Falcone
149
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was learning a new language in a creative and engaging environment. The
worst aspect of the course was the online Sentieri assignments because they included concepts many
students hadn't learned yet. The course would improve if there were a more structured curriculum with
more opportunities for students to learn and converse with the language. The online Sentieri
assignments could also be removed or replaced with something more helpful. Prospective students
should know that learning a language requires lots of practice, so they should be ready to spend a lot of
time on reading and homework.
AS.210.151.04
Italian Elements I
Maria Assunta Farisco
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the Italian language that students got to learn and the
manageable workload. The worst aspects of the course included the excessive Sentieri assignments and
the fast pace in which students had to learn some of the material. The course would improve if students
got more in-class practice with speaking and vocabulary. Prospective students should know that this is a
great class that will teach them about Italian language and culture. The course does however require
lots of studying and self-immersion in the spoken language.
AS.210.161.01
German Elements I
Rainer Burkard
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the cohesive structure of the material. The course was well-planned
out and the professor was very effective in giving students helpful feedback on their work. The worst
aspects of this course included the heavy-work load and the fast pace of the course. Prospective
students should know that this is an enjoyable course by which they will learn beginner-level German.
The course does involve a decent amount of work, but students will surely have fun.
AS.210.161.02
German Elements I
Deborah Mifflin
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the videos and engaging assignments which encouraged active
participation from all students. The worst aspects of this course included the fast paced learning style
150
and redundant class sessions. The course would improve if students had more review and speaking
sessions. It would also improve if the class exercises were a little more engaging. Prospective students
should know that this is a well-taught course that will give them a somewhat challenging insight into the
German language. While it is not necessary, some experience with the German language will help
students grasp the content better.
AS.210.161.03
German Elements I
Nina Tolksdorf
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the varied learning styles offered in the classroom, as well as
the fun and immersive atmosphere of the class. The worst aspects of this course included the large
amount of assignments and the often ineffective class lessons. The course would improve if there were
more speaking exercises and a little more structure to help students learn the material. Prospective
students should know that this is a simple introductory German course. They don't need a previous
background in German to take the course, but they should attend class regularly and stay on top of all
homework assignments.
AS.210.177.01
Portuguese Elements
Mary Bensabat Ott
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professor, whose fun and interactive teaching style made the
course enjoyable. The students felt they learned a lot in a short period of time. The worst aspects of the
course included the textbooks and workbooks, which students found less effective than the professor's
actual handouts. The course would improve if the students had more speaking practice through exams
and assignments. Prospective students should know that this is a fun and straightforward course that
will introduce them to the Portuguese language.
AS.210.201.01
Intermediate French I
Jena Whitaker
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the fun and diverse learning activities, as well as the class
discussions. The class had a good mix of learning materials and assignments to keep students engaged.
The worst aspects of the course included the large amount of mandatory group work and the lack of
actual teaching in class, as most of the class time was often spent reviewing online exercises. The course
would improve if there were more in-class lessons and assignments, as well as pre-exam reviews to help
151
students perform well. Prospective students should anticipate a hefty workload, but can expect to learn
a lot of French.
AS.210.201.02
Intermediate French I
Rebecca Loescher
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the online exercises, the interactive, in-class activities, and the oral
French practice. The teaching assistant was understandable and engaging as well. The worst aspects of
the course were the heavy amounts of busy work and some assignments that didn't help students
improve their French. Students also expressed dislike in taking the exams in the language lab, as it was
often noisy and filled with students from other classes. The course would improve if there were more in-
class French lessons, vocabulary, and test preps, as well as a more spread out test schedule. Prospective
students should know that this is a fun and enjoyable class with lots of work to help them improve their
French.
AS.210.201.03
Intermediate French I
Sophie Turner
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the ample language practice assignments and in-class activities.
There were films, readings, and good discussions held in this class, as well as an extremely engaging
teaching assistant. The worst aspects of the course included the somewhat heavy workload and the lack
of new and challenging material for students to learn. The course would improve if there were more
speaking, grammar, and writing practice in class. Prospective students should expect a moderately easy
French course and ensure they are able to keep up with the workload.
AS.210.201.04
Intermediate French I
Loana Cooper
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-class participatory activities and the helpful professor
who showed a lot of enthusiasm for the material. The worst aspects of the course included the workload
which often seemed like busywork and the exams that were scheduled outside of class time. Students
felt that there was a lack of organization in the material, which made the information inconsistent. The
course would improve if there were more speaking and grammar exercises. Prospective students should
dedicate the time and effort to the assignments in this relatively fair course that will help them improve
their French.
152
AS.210.201.05
Intermediate French I
Abigail Alexander
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interactive class assignments that forced students to speak and
engage themselves in the language. The teaching assistant was accessible and also made the
environment comfortable and conducive to learning. The worst aspects of the course included the lack
of focus on speaking the language and composing sentences. Students would have liked more help with
grammar and vocabulary. To improve the course, they recommended more spread out assignments and
tests so that they would not fall behind. Prospective students should have a French background and are
encouraged to stay on top of the assignments in order to be successful in the course.
AS.210.201.06
Intermediate French I
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class discussions and the warm atmosphere where students
could interact freely and engage in activities. The professor was very approachable and used lots of
materials to teach the course. The worst aspects of the course included the large amount of assignments
and online exercises, as well as the slow pace of the class. The course would improve if the assignments
were reduced and more focused on quality. Prospective students will find this course fun and helpful in
improving their Spanish, as long as they keep up with the workload and pay attention during class.
AS.210.211.01;03;05
Intermediate Spanish I
Sergio Ruiz-Perez
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the well-structured and interactive lessons students received. There
were lots of speaking activities and students found the professor extremely helpful. The worst aspect of
the course was the online MySpanishLab assignments which were often unclear and accompanied by
lots of software errors. The course would improve if the MySpanishLab assignments were restructured
with a better grading system and if there were more in-class lessons and speaking practice available.
Prospective students should be sure to keep up with the assignments and ensure they pay close
attention to the MySpanishLab portion of the assignments.
AS.210.211.02
Intermediate Spanish I
153
Amanda Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the enjoyable class environment with lots of class interaction and
practice exercises. The teacher did a great job of clarifying confusing sections and was extremely helpful
to students. The worst aspect of the course was the MySpanishLab assignments, which were not well
designed. The course would improve if the MySpanishLab assignments were reevaluated and if there
were more in-class grammar and vocabulary lessons. Prospective students should have some previous
Spanish knowledge going into this course and should be prepared to put forth effort in this relatively
manageable class.
AS.210.211.04
Intermediate Spanish I
Cathleen Carris
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-class dialogue and interaction which forced students to
actually speak the language. The worst aspect of this course was the time-consuming and harshly graded
online MySpanishLab assignments. There were a lot of different assignments and the class was
structured in a way that made it difficult for students to enjoy the lessons. The course would improve if
there was more emphasis on the grammar and vocabulary, as well as a different homework system than
the online lab assignments. Prospective students should endeavor to do the reading assignments before
class and must brush up on their Spanish before taking this course.
AS.210.211.06
Intermediate Spanish I
Paula Gefaell-borras
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
Students liked the helpful and encouraging professor. There was also a good mix of presentations,
lessons, and media tools such as the online Spanish radio, Cadena Dial. The worst aspect of the course
was the vague MySpanishLab assignments. The course would improve if there were more homework
assignments and more diverse in-class activities to help students practice their Spanish. Prospective
students should be prepared for lots of hard yet manageable work that will really help them learn
Spanish.
AS.210.212.01
Intermediate Spanish II
Julia Eichstedt
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
154
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the helpful and enthusiastic professor who made sure all students
understood the content. The worst aspects of the course included the online Spanish lab assignments,
which students often found tricky. The course would improve if the classwork incorporated more
Spanish culture. Prospective students should know that this course will help them learn a significant
amount of Spanish. The workload is relatively light and as long as the students read and complete their
assignments on time, they will be successful.
AS.210.212.02-03
Intermediate Spanish II
Barry Weingarten
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the organized class structure, the professor's clear teaching
style, and the engaging class discussions. Students found the class sessions extremely helpful and
enjoyable. The negative aspects of the course were that some topics were rushed and students felt like
the lectures didn't help them learn the material as much as they should have. Also, students found the
online assignments to be very difficult and ineffective. The course would improve if the students had
more speaking and grammar practice. Prospective students should know that this course involves an
average amount of work, and class assignments that will surely help them improve their Spanish
reading, writing, and most importantly, speaking.
AS.210.212.04-05
Intermediate Spanish II
Sara Urruticoechea Romero, Barry Weingarten
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the small, intimate class setting and participatory activities that
helped students improve their Spanish. The professor was also a great teacher who showed interest in
students' success in the class. The worst aspect of the course was the online Spanish lab assignments,
which students found very tedious. The course would improve if the class had a more uniform grading
system and more homework that wasn't assigned from the online system. Prospective students should
know that this is an enjoyable Spanish course that will teach them a lot as long as they apply themselves
diligently.
AS.210.251.02
Intermediate Italian I
Michele Zanobini
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
155
The best aspects of the course included the interesting class discussions and the amount of Italian
practice made available to students through a variety of exercises. The worst aspect of the course was
the lack of adequate practice for exams. The course would improve if students had more practice
exercises and received consistent feedback on their assignments. Prospective students should know that
as long as they complete the homework and class exercises, they will improve their knowledge of the
Italian language.
AS.210.251.03
Intermediate Italian I
Tania Zampini
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the small class setting in which students worked together to learn
Italian. The worst aspect of the course was the difficult and often arbitrary exams. Students also had a
sizeable amount of writing to do in this course and at times the professor's expectation on some of
them was unclear. The course would be improved by having more in-class grammar review and writing
practice. Prospective students should know that this class is a great way for students to learn Italian and
as long as they put in a good amount of work, they will be successful.
AS.210.251.04
Intermediate Italian I
Janet Gomez
Overall quality of this course: 4.12
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.261.01
Intermediate German I
Christina Hinz
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.261.02
Intermediate German I
Bryan Klausmeyer
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the relatively interesting course material and the many
opportunities to practice German through the assignments. The worst aspect of the course was the
excessive amount of work that was assigned back-to-back. Students felt like they were just doing busy
work that didn't have much effect on their language improvement. The course would improve if there
156
were more opportunities for speaking practice as well as a reduced and more focused workload.
Prospective students should know that the course requires at least a basic level of German and is hefty
in assignments.
AS.210.261.03-04
Intermediate German I
Heidi Wheeler
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the fun and small class size in which students received a good balance
of German lessons. The professor ensured the students understood everything that was being taught
and kept the class engaged through different kinds of activities. The worst aspects of the course
included the assignments and online exercises because they were due on a weekly basis and were
sometimes difficult to keep up with. The course would improve if it included more speaking and writing
assignments. It would also improve if the students had clearer and easily accessible assignments
available on blackboard. Prospective students should know that this course reviews their previous
knowledge of German, with a little more content to be learned through some intensive homework and
class assignments.
AS.210.261.05
Intermediate German I
James Pelcher
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.277.01
Intermediate/ Advanced Portuguese
Joyce Anitagrace
Overall quality of the class: 3.51
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to different Portuguese speaking countries, as well
as the coursework, which helped students learn the language. The worst aspects of the course included
the lack of adequate speaking and written practice for the language. The professor was not a native
Portuguese speaker who sometimes struggled with the language and taught directly from the book
instead of providing new and refreshing lessons. The course would improve if it incorporated more
speaking and writing exercises. Prospective students should know that this is a fairly simple Portuguese
course and they will have to challenge themselves to improve on the language.
AS.210.301.01
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French
Flora Champy
157
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.301.02
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French
Bruce Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the dynamic class structure in which students really got to learn
French and significantly improve their writing skills. The professor gave students lots of writing and
speaking practice in class. The worst aspects of the course included the un-engaging class discussions
and hefty weekly assignments. The course would improve if there were more opportunities for class
discussions in order to give students more speaking practice. Prospective students should know that this
is a fair and interesting course that will surely help them improve their French speaking and writing.
AS.210.301.03
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French
Flora Champy
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interactive class discussions and the helpful weekly
feedback students received on their assignments. The worst aspect of this course was the lack of variety
in course activities, as they made classes dull and un-engaging. The course would improve if the class
were structured with more varied activities. Students also suggested that more discussion topics would
make the class more exciting. Prospective students should know that this is a great course with a
manageable workload to help students to improve their French.
AS.210.301.04
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French
Ana Delia Rogobete
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the well-structured course content, which involved lots of rich
discussions and informative lessons on French grammar and vocabulary. The worst aspects of this
course included the insufficient amount of speech practice available for students, as well as the stifled
learning of advanced French grammar and vocabulary topics. The course would improve if there was
more elaboration on student commentary assignments and if the class was more structured with
detailed lectures that focused on grammar and vocabulary topics. Prospective students should know
that this is a manageable French course which involves lots of writing, but will really help them improve
their French.
158
AS.210.301.05
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French
Auriane Bel
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the consistent feedback students received on their work. Students
liked the casual and friendly learning atmosphere of the class. The worst aspects of the course included
the weekly essay assignments and inadequate French speaking practice. The course would improve if
there were more oral assignments and exercises, as well as more in-class interaction. Prospective
students should know that this course requires a hefty amount of weekly writing, but is fairly easy
overall.
AS.210.301.06
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French
Bruce Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the small, interactive class setting, which allowed students to practice
their French through various discussions. The worst aspect of this course was the excessive amount of
homework and writing assignments. The students wished they had a little more assistance with their
essays and commentaries. The course would improve if the lectures and assignments were more
engaging and versatile. Prospective students should know that this course will help them improve their
intermediate French speaking and writing skills. Students who practice and work hard on their writing
assignments will be successful in the course.
AS.210.309.01
The Sounds of French
Bruce Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.311.01-02
Advanced Spanish I
Naiara Martinez-Velez
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the structure, which included a good mix of in-class discussions and
assignments to ensure that the students had maximum practice with the Spanish language. The
professor was extremely approachable and always provided good feedback to help the students
improve their work. The worst aspects of the course included the LanguageTwin program, which was
159
not very effective, as well as the repetitive and dull lectures. The course would improve if the material
could be spiced up somewhat with more in-class activities and also if the LanguageTwin program were
replaced with something more effective. Prospective students should have prior Spanish knowledge and
they should know that this course moves at a steady pace with a focus on grammar and speaking.
AS.210.311.03
Sergio Ruiz-Perez
Advanced Spanish I
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the enthusiastic and helpful professor, as well as the class
interaction and course materials. The worst aspects of the course included the LanguageTwin program
which proved ineffective. The software gave many students issues and many had to make up the
assignments in other ways. The course would improve if there were more listening exercises in class and
if the LanguageTwin program were dismissed altogether. Prospective students should know that this is a
fun and enjoyable Spanish course with enough homework and readings to help students improve their
understanding of Spanish.
AS.210.311.04-05
Advanced Spanish I
Aranzazu Hubbard
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the small and focused class setting in which students got to engage in
effective discussions. Many students felt that their Spanish was improved through the help of their
extremely engaging professor. The worst aspects of the course included the LanguageTwin software, as
many found it to have a lot of glitches. The course would improve if the LanguageTwin program was
replaced or eliminated in its entirety. Prospective students should know that the course involves lots of
class participation and practice through the assignments and assigned readings.
AS.210.312.01-03
Advanced Spanish II
Paula Gefaell-borras
Overall quality of this course: 4.45
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interactive and fun classes, which involved class discussions and engaging course
material, like movies and music. The professor and teaching assistant were energetic and effective. The
worst aspect of this course was the difficult exams. The course would improve if students received more
assistance with the exams. Prospective students should know that to be successful in this enjoyable
course, they just need to keep up with the workload and dedicate extra time to practice.
AS.210.313.01
160
Medical Spanish
Naiara Martinez-Velez
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best parts of this course were learning useful medical terminology and the great professor. Students
liked the discussion-based class format, which gave them ample time to practice speaking in small
groups. The downsides were the long, time-consuming homework assignments and that some
homework and exam questions were unclear or ambiguous. Students' suggestions for improvement
included changing the grading scheme and revising some of the homework assignments to make them
less vague. Students should know that this course is speaking-based and also requires a lot of work
outside of class. It teaches you a lot of practical vocabulary and is great for students who want to go into
medical professions.
AS.210.314.01
Business Spanish
Maria Ramos
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.316.01
Conversational Spanish
Maria Ramos, Sara Urruticoechea Romero
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the laid-back class environment, the engaging professor, and the oral
presentations. The small class size made for a lot of opportunities to practice speaking. The negative
aspect of the course was the textbook, which was not advanced enough and did not provide interesting
readings. Students also disliked the exams, which counted for most of the course grade, but did not
match the material taught in class. Students suggested making the speaking exercises and presentations
worth more of their grade, and using a different textbook. Students should be prepared to speak a lot in
class and know that the exams are difficult.
AS.210.351.02
Advanced Italian I
Teodoro Katinis
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The small class size gave students ample opportunities to improve their speaking and writing skills.
Students also enjoyed learning about Italian culture and literature. Some students didn't like the
161
`feelings' theme of the units and thought there was too much homework. Suggestions for improvement
included covering more grammar and having more in-depth studies of literature. Students should expect
to do a lot of work and be prepared to speak up in class. The course will improve your Italian and is
manageable as long as you stay on top of the work.
AS.210.361.01
Adv German I: Cultural Topics of the Modern German-speaking World
Marcus Heim
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.361.02
Adv German I: Cultural Topics of the Modern German-speaking World
Deborah Mifflin
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
The best parts of this course were learning about German culture and history, in addition to the
opportunities to improve reading and writing skills. The negative aspects were that the course was
somewhat disorganized and required some meetings outside the regular class time. Some students also
felt that the class did not cover enough conversational vocabulary. A suggestion for improvement was
spending more time on vocabulary to make students more comfortable speaking in class. Students
should know that this is an advanced course with a lot of work. They should be prepared to spend a
significant amount of time preparing outside of class.
AS.210.361.03
Adv German I: Cultural Topics of the Modern German-speaking World
Esther Edelmann
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.411.01
Translation for the Professions
Maria Ramos
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.412.01
Community Based Learning - Spanish Language Practicum
Loreto Sanchez
162
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
This course offered students opportunities to practice Spanish outside the classroom in hands-on
settings based on students' interests. The negative aspects of the course were the lack of guidance from
the professor and unclear due dates for some assignments. Students said the course would be improved
by getting more guidance on finding a satisfying internship, and having more meetings so students could
interact more with the professor. Students should know that it is up to them to find an internship that
will give them enough practice speaking Spanish. The only assignment is writing an extensive paper
about the internship.
AS.210.413.01
Curso de Perfeccionamiento
Loreto Sanchez
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the professor's enthusiasm, her excellent teaching methods, and her
concern for the students. The small class size allowed for a lot of individual attention and helped
students improve their speaking skills. The negative aspects included tedious homework that was not
always useful and that the professor spoke very fast. Students suggested making the exams correlate
better to what was taught in class. Students should know that the course is overwhelming at first, but is
worthwhile. You will learn a lot and be prepared for the DELE exam.
AS.210.417.01
Eloquent French
Kristin Cook-Gailloud
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning high-level expressions and the cultural nuances of language in a very
participatory environment. They also said the professor was a great teacher and very enthusiastic. The
downside of the course was that it was disorganized because it covered so much material and had so
many handouts. Students said the course would be improved by better organization and distributing the
handouts in class instead of by email. Students should know that this is an intensive course with a lot of
writing, but it is fun and very useful for improving your French.
AS.211.340.01
Topics in French Cinema: Immigration, identit, diffrence culturelle
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging professor and the film selections. Students said
they learned a lot of French in an exciting class setting. The worst aspects of this course included the
163
difficult quizzes that involved lots of memorization, and the often disorganized class discussions. The
course would improve if students received more feedback on their commentaries and if they got a
better review of difficult vocabulary words. Prospective students should know that this is an interesting
and dynamic course, but an advanced level of French is necessary.
AS.211.390.01
Modern Spanish Culture
Christopher Ray
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the extremely engaging and intellectually challenging class
discussions and lectures. The professor was very enthusiastic about the subject matter and he
constantly gaged the student's interests in particular matters. The worst aspect of this was included the
readings, which were at times dense and excessive. The course would improve if there were less reading
and students received assignments earlier. Prospective students should know that is an exciting and
engaging Spanish course which they are sure to love, especially if they are open to different ideas.
AS.211.401.01-03
La France Contemporaine I
Auriane Bel
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the small class size, which allowed for discussions, as well as the
interesting course materials that helped students learn about French history. The worst aspects of this
course included the lack of feedback students received on their assignments and unclear assignment
guidelines. The course would improve if there was more structure and if students received more
feedback on their work. Prospective students should know that this is a great course with a light
workload. However, some level of French speaking and writing is necessary in order for them to be
successful.
AS.211.427.01
Libertins, Athes, Imposteurs
Elena Russo
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.212.327.01
Mise et remise en scene: Performing in the 18th Century
Olivia Sabee
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
164
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.212.333.01
Introduction  la littrature franaise
Jacky Neefs
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professor who was organized, passionate, and engaging. The
worst aspects of this course included the dull and challenging topics often discussed, as well as the
professor's illegible handwriting when giving students feedback on their assignments. The course would
improve if students were more involved in class discussions and if they had a wider range of topics to
cover on their papers and exposs. Prospective students should know that this is a great course which is
heavy on reading and participation. In order for students to be successful, they must be comfortable in
speaking and writing French.
AS.212.333.02
Introduction  la littrature franaise
Wilda Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful professor, well-planned lectures, and interesting
course material. The course was well put together and designed to help students improve their writing.
The worst aspects of this course included the extremely heavy readings and overall fast pace of the
class, which many had a difficult time keeping up with. The course would improve if students received
more clarity on their papers and assignments, along with fewer and more focused readings. Prospective
students should know that this course involves lots of readings and in order to be successful it is
important for them to have an advanced understanding of writing and reading in French.
AS.212.427.01
Libertins, Athes, Imposteurs
Elena Russo
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings and the professor's upbeat demeanor,
which kept students engaged. The worst aspects of the course included the professor's frequent
disorganization and lack of clarity in communicating expectations. The course would be improved if the
teacher clearly organized and communicated her expectations. The course also needs more structure in
order for students to better understand how some of the concepts are formulated. Prospective students
should know that this course involves heavy reading and a solid understanding of written and spoken
French.
AS.212.429.01
165
Thesis Prep
Wilda Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was getting insightful and useful feedback on prospective thesis topics.
Students also received adequate feedback on their individual theses. The worst aspect of this course
was the sporadic meeting times, which were not used efficiently. The course would improve if the
meeting times were scheduled ahead of time and if it included more one-on-one thesis meetings, rather
than general group discussions. Prospective students should know that they should go into this class
with some idea of what their thesis is going to be and they will need extra planning time outside of class.
AS.212.469.01
Limit-Experience, Limit-Texts
Derek Schilling
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings and class discussions led by a great
professor, who inspired students to think critically. The worst aspect of the course was the
overwhelming and dense readings. The assigned books for the course were challenging for many
students. The course would improve if the class met more than once a week to further discuss some of
the readings and materials. Prospective students should know this is an interesting but challenging
course and they should be prepared to do lots of reading.
AS.213.213.01
Berlin Wall: Divided Stories in Literature and Film
Elisabeth Strowick
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material and the engaging in-class discussions.
Students also enjoyed the films that went along with the course material. The worst aspect was that
sometimes the content was difficult to follow. Students suggested that the course would be improved if
the professor gave more background information on the readings and assigned more small assignments
or quizzes so students could better gauge how well they were doing in the class. Students should know
that this course is based on literature and films, but it is not a history class.
AS.213.229.01
Weimar on the Pacific: German Exile Culture in the United States
Andrea Krauss
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
166
AS.213.251.01
Friedrich Nietzsche
Katrin Pahl
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best parts of this course were learning about philosophy and the interesting discussions in class. The
downsides were that the readings were long and difficult to get through. Some students also thought
the professor did not do a good job of fostering interesting discussions. Suggestions for improvement
included assigning study questions or small assignments to go along with the readings. Students should
know that the course involves a lot of reading and a presentation in front of the class. The class is
interesting if you do the readings and participate in the discussions.
AS.213.354.01
Introduction to German Poetry
Rochelle Tobias
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students said the professor was very enthusiastic and knowledgeable. They also liked the class
discussions, which improved their German speaking skills. The negative aspects of the course were that
some of the readings were very difficult, and there was not enough time to fully discuss some topics.
Suggestions for improvement included focusing on fewer poems and discussing them more thoroughly
or having short writing assignments to prepare students for the discussion. Students should know that
the course is conducted at a high level of German, so they should be interested in improving their
language skills. It also helps to have some background in poetry or philosophy.
AS.214.271.01
Boccaccio's Decameron
Pier Forni
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.214.479.01
Dante's Journey through the Afterlife: The Divine Comedy
Walter Stephens
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the professor's thorough knowledge of Dante and the discussions,
which students felt welcome to participate in. The worst parts of the course were that the professor was
167
often unavailable and the course was very rushed near the end because some classes had been
cancelled. Suggestions for improvement included better feedback from the professor and more focused
discussions that covered all of the material. Students are advised that the course requires a large
amount of reading and they will need to be dedicated in order to benefit from the class. It helps to have
an interest in history or Christian theology.
AS.215.231.01
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Sara Castro-Klaren
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting readings from various literary genres. They said the professor was very
organized and made it clear what they needed to focus on. The negative aspects of the course were that
the readings were often very difficult to understand and sometimes students did not participate in the
discussions because they did not fully comprehend the readings. Students suggested including more
discussion and making the discussions more analytical rather than just discussing questions from the
textbook. Students should be proficient in Spanish before taking this course and should be prepared to
do a lot of reading and participate in class.
AS.215.231.02
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Christopher Kozey
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.215.341.01
Perspectives on the Study of Latin America
Sara Castro-Klaren
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.215.458.01
Cuba and its Culture Since the Revolution
Eduardo Gonzalez
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Students said the professor was very enthusiastic and knowledgeable about Cuban culture. Other good
parts of the course were the interesting readings and films. One negative aspect of the class was the lack
of discussion. Some students also thought the professor's lectures focused too much on the theme of
sexuality and did not cover other aspects of Cuban culture enough. Suggestions for improvement
168
included covering a wider range of topics in Cuban culture and incorporating more discussion into the
class. Students should know that the course is mostly about issues of homosexuality and gender in Cuba.
Students should also have a high level of Spanish in order to get the most out of this class.
AS.215.466.01
The Spanish Avant-garde
William Egginton
Overall quality of the class: 4.93
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the discussion-based format, the films watched in class, and the
professor, who was very engaging and always encouraged students to contribute to class. The
downsides included long, dry readings, and a lack of guidance for the final paper. A suggestion for
improvement was meeting twice a week instead of just once. Students should know that the course
requires a lot of reading each week. They should be prepared to have all discussions in Spanish.
AS.215.474.01
Origins of the Spanish Novel
Harry Sieber
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Students found the readings very interesting. They also said the professor was a good teacher and very
passionate about the subject. The negative aspects were the long readings and students did not have
many opportunities to discuss them. Students suggested having more discussion and reading some
secondary materials to help them better understand course content. Students should know that grades
are based on only two papers and class participation, so it is important to do the readings.
169
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
HISTORY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.100.102.01-02;05-06
The Medieval World
Gabrielle Spiegel
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course material and lectures, as well as the
informative class section meetings where students were able to get more clarity on the readings and
lectures. The professor and teaching assistant were extremely knowledgeable and provided lots of
helpful insight for the students. The worst aspect of the course was the dull class lectures. The course
would significantly improve if the lecture presentations were more visual and interactive. Prospective
students should be prepared to do lots of reading and weekly papers in this entry-level history course.
AS.100.103.01-06
History of Occidental Civilization: Europe & the Wider World
Gabriel Paquette
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the course materials and the section meetings with the teaching
assistant. The worst aspect of the course was the dull lectures which students found hard to follow, as
no PowerPoint was provided. Students also noted that the professor went over the information too
quickly to grasp at times. The course would significantly improve if the assigned readings were
significantly reduced and if the professor delivered the content in a more engaging way. Prospective
students should endeavor to keep up with the readings and lectures so that they perform well on the
heavily weighted exams.
AS.100.112.02
Making America : Mastery & Freedom in British Mainland America, 1607-178
Toby Ditz
170
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best part of this course was the professor, who was very organized and gave a fresh perspective on
colonial history. Students enjoyed asking questions in the discussion sections and appreciated the
flexible assignment schedule, which made it easy to balance the work with other classes. The negative
aspects were that sometimes readings were overwhelming, and the course rushed through information
quickly. Students suggested giving the discussions more structure to make them more productive.
Students should know that the course is discussion-based, so it requires a lot of reading and critical
thinking. The course has a manageable workload and is interesting overall.
AS.100.121.01-02
History of Africa to 1880
Pier Larson
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the engaging lectures, interesting readings, and in-class discussions.
Students enjoyed learning about a topic that is not often studied. The downside was the amount of
work, including weekly response papers and a few longer papers. Sometimes there was a lot of work
crammed into a short time period. Suggestions for improvement included spreading out the work more
evenly and having more time for the midterm exam. The course is challenging and involves a lot of
reading, but it is an interesting course worth taking.
AS.100.139.01
American Conservatisms
Angus Burgin
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
One of the best parts of this course was the professor, who was very knowledgeable and challenged
students to think critically about history. The topic was interesting and relevant to modern politics.
The readings were very heavy and could be difficult to get through. Students suggested that the course
would be improved by having less reading or by meeting twice a week instead of once. Students should
know that the class is reading and writing intensive, but it is a very enjoyable course if you are interested
in the subject.
AS.100.154.01
Images and Realities : Native Americans in American History
Stephanie Gamble
Overall quality of the class: 2.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.184.01
171
Riots, Revolts, and Revolutions : Violence in Early American History
Trenton Jones
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best parts of this course were looking at American history from a new and different perspective and
learning about historical research through primary source projects. The negative aspects were unclear
expectations from the professor and lectures that were not very interactive or engaging. Students
suggested changing the class structure to include a better mix of lecture and discussion, and changing
the format of the midterm, which many students thought was too difficult. Students should know that
the course requires a lot of reading, and it is essential to do the readings and participate in class. Since
there are few graded assignments, it is important to work hard on them.
AS.100.186.01
The History of Photojournalism from Daguerre to Digital
Christopher Stolarski
Overall quality of the class: 3.58
Summary:
Students enjoyed the engaging discussions and studying an interesting topic from an art history
perspective. The negative aspects of the course were the heavy reading load and the length of classes,
since it only met once a week. Also some students found the discussions sometimes boring. Suggestions
for improvement included varying the class structure instead of just having student presentations.
Students also suggested that with less reading, students could read more thoroughly and come to class
better prepared for discussion. The workload is manageable and the course is very interesting, especially
if you are interested in photography or photojournalism.
AS.100.189.01
Crime, Punishment, and the State in Nineteenth Century America
Katie Hemphill
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
Students liked the interesting topic that was relevant to current issues. Other good aspects of the course
were the engaging discussions and the professor's helpful feedback. Negative aspects of the course
were the long, dense readings and the professor's teaching style. Students found it hard to focus on the
lectures because the professor simply read directly from her notes. Suggestions for improvement
included splitting the course into two lectures per week and including more discussion in class. Students
should know that the course requires a lot of reading, but the workload is manageable and the class is
enjoyable overall.
AS.100.193.01
Undergrad Sem in History
Mary Ryan
172
Overall quality of the class: 3.46
Summary:
This course helped students develop skills for analyzing and writing about history. The professor was
knowledgeable, enthusiastic, and gave helpful feedback on papers. The negative aspect was the long,
once a week lecture format. Some students also thought the class focused too much on the technical
aspects of writing papers and that the readings were not useful. Suggestions for improvement included
meeting twice a week instead of once, making the readings more connected to each other, and tailoring
the class to individual students' research projects. Students should know that the course requires a lot
of reading and writing, but teaches important skills for writing a thesis.
AS.100.193.02
Undergrad Sem in History
Todd Shepard
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
Students liked having the freedom to choose the direction of their own research project and
appreciated getting support from the professor and TA. Downsides of the course included the large
amount of reading and the professor's lack of involvement in the class. Students suggested the course
would be improved if the professor provided more guidance on choosing a research topic and gave
more specifications on the assignments. Students should know that this course involves a heavy
workload of reading, writing, and researching. Students are encouraged to go in with a topic they are
passionate about; otherwise the commitment required may be frustrating.
AS.100.219.01-04
Chinese Cultural Revolution
Tobie Meyer-Fong
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the engaging lectures, interesting readings, and the overall class
structure. The professor was enthusiastic and it was evident in her lectures about the Cultural
Revolution. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy readings, as well as the difficult and hard
to follow lectures. The professor often went off on tangents, which made the lectures unclear and
unhelpful for note taking. The course would improve if there was more variation in the lectures and
fewer readings to help students focus on the content. Prospective students should know that this course
requires lots of reading, but those who attend lectures regularly and absorb the material will be
successful.
AS.100.239.01
Why Putin? The Rise and Fall of Democracy in Russia, 1985-2012
Nikolay Koposov
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
173
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting course content and the experienced professor,
who generated much interest for the class through his energetic lectures. The worst aspects of the
course included the lack of correlation between the lectures and the assignments, as well as the grading
system, which was based on just two papers. In addition, the professor made lectures dull by reading
from his PowerPoint slides. The course would improve if the lectures were more detailed and engaging,
if there was some kind of review session with the teaching assistants, and if there were more
assignments between the papers. Prospective students should know that this course is based on one
midterm paper and one final paper about Russia; additionally, a significant amount of reading is needed
in order to be successful.
AS.100.303.01
Old Regime France
Michael Kwass
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the knowledgeable professor who assigned readings that always set
the framework for his lectures. The course gave students a good overview of Old Regime French history.
The worst aspect of the course was the lectures because they did not seem to deviate much from the
readings. The course would improve if the discussions were more formatted to deal with issues of
redundancy and unclear readings. Prospective students should know that this class is heavily weighted
on class participation as discussions and readings are an essential part of the course.
AS.100.318.01
The Age of Revolutions
Gabriel Paquette
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting readings, the mixture of course materials and
discussions, and the passionate professor. The worst aspects of the course included the workload that
involved students submitting a two-page paper every week and doing lots of reading. The course would
improve if the weekly required readings and essays were reduced. Prospective students should know
that this course is reading and writing intensive, but those who work hard and put in effort will be
successful.
AS.100.332.01
Human Rights History
Laura Mason
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the great discussions facilitated by an engaging professor who gave
informative lectures. The worst aspects of the course included the arbitrary class discussions that often
174
lacked in substance, as well as the occasionally heavy reading load. The course would improve if the
course incorporated more content in the form of focused and themed lectures. It would also improve if
the students were given reading guides to help them come up with meaningful discussion topics as they
read. Prospective students should know that this course has a lot of great content, but they have to do
the readings in order to perform well in the course.
AS.100.333.01-08
Global Public Health since World War II
Louis Galambos, Barbara Morgan
Overall quality of the class: 3.99
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the fascinating lectures, interesting course material, and
engaging section meetings with the teaching assistants. The worst aspect of the course was the
excessive reading load. The course would improve if the weekly reading load were reduced and there
was room to stimulate more interesting class discussions. Prospective students should know that this
course has some interesting content which offers insight into Global Public Health history. It requires no
previous background, but is reading and participation-intensive.
AS.100.334.01
Gender and the Economy in America, 1600-1870
Sara Damiano
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.347.01
Early Modern China
William Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the interesting material and readings, as well as the professor.
Students said the professor was a great lecturer, very knowledgeable, and passionate about the subject.
The negative aspects of the course were that the lectures were disorganized and sometimes hard to
follow. The lengthy readings were not always referred to in class, the instructions for assignments were
somewhat unclear, and there was no study guide for the final exam. Students suggested restructuring
the grading, integrating the readings into lectures, and offering more guidance for the writing
assignments and final exam. Students should know that this class covers a lot of material and it helps to
have some knowledge of Chinese history. The readings are not absolutely necessary, but it is essential
go to class and take good notes.
AS.100.378.01
Warfare in the Era of the French Revolution
Christopher Tozzi
175
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interesting topic, which went in-depth into an aspect of the French Revolution
that is not usually talked about. The professor taught the material well and the discussions were also
interesting. The negative aspects of the course were the heavy reading load and the response papers,
which some students felt were graded too strictly. Suggestions for improvement included better
structure of the lectures and fewer readings. This course requires a lot of reading, but it will be very
interesting to anyone who is genuinely interested in the subject.
AS.100.391.01
Originalism and the American Constitution : History and Interpretation
Jonathan Gienapp
Overall quality of the class: 4.92
Summary:
This course had a good mix of compelling lectures and lively, thought-provoking discussions. The
professor got great reviews for his enthusiasm, knowledge, and concern for students. Students did not
have many criticisms of the course, but they did say that readings could be dense and overwhelming.
They suggested having a few more assignments so students could have more opportunities to improve
their writing and knew what the professor wanted for the other assignments. This is a great course if
you are interested in early American history, and is worth taking even if you're not because the
professor makes the course so engaging. It is intellectually challenging and the topic is very relevant to
modern society.
AS.100.404.01
John Locke
John Marshall
Overall quality of the class: 4.68
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the interesting material and the intellectual discussions in class. The
professor was very knowledgeable and great at facilitating discussions. The downsides were the large
amount of reading and the small number of assignments. Since students only did one or two papers,
they did not know what their grades would be like until the end of the course. Suggestions for
improvement included having less reading and a few more small assignments so that grades are not
based on just one or two papers and participation. Students should know that it is essential to keep up
with the reading, as well as coming to class prepared to participate.
AS.100.415.01
Papyrus, Parchment, and Paper
Marina Rustow
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
176
Summary:
The best things about this course were the enthusiastic professor, stimulating in-class discussions, and
getting to see primary documents from Special Collections. The professor pushed students to think
critically and improve their writing. The downside was the difficulty of the readings and assignments.
Students suggested that having more time for the final paper would allow them to do more research.
Prospective students should know that the course is very challenging, but also rewarding and will teach
you to think about history in a different way. The professor is tough but gives good feedback and
motivates students to do well.
AS.100.428.01
London-20th Century
Judith Walkowitz
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
Students liked the fascinating topic, and that the professor used a variety of sources like pop culture,
images and movies to teach. She also gave helpful feedback to improve students' writing. Students
disliked the large amount of reading and felt the professor did not provide enough historical contexts for
the material. Suggestions for improvement included assigning less reading and having two lectures per
week instead of one long session. The course involves a lot of reading and writing, but the professor is
very knowledgeable and engaging.
AS.100.441.01
Society, Politics, and Economics in Latin America
Franklin Knight
Overall quality of the class: 2.83
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the fun and entertaining professor. Many students enjoyed hearing
his stories from living in Latin America. However, many students thought the lectures consisted of too
many stories and did not sufficiently discuss the material. In addition, the professor missed a lot of
classes and did not give good feedback on the assignments. Students said the course would be improved
if the professor kept the lectures on topic and went more in-depth. Students should know that they will
need to do some independent studying to learn the material.
AS.100.486.01
Jim Crow in America
Nathan Connolly
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students liked the discussions, the compelling lectures, and learning about the significance of race in
America. The negative aspects were the large amount of reading and that all the material couldn't be
covered in the time they had. Students suggested having more lectures to give context to the readings
and having more class time or fewer readings so that all the information could be covered. Students
177
should know that the course requires a lot of reading and writing, but it covers an interesting topic that
is relevant to current events.
AS.100.507.01
Senior Thesis
Jeffrey Brooks
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best parts of this course were doing independent work and having the freedom to choose your own
topic. Students also liked getting support from the professors and having helpful discussions with other
students. Some students said that the readings and assignments weren't helpful and just distracted from
their research. Suggestions for improvement included spreading out the work more, getting more
guidance from advisors, and having more discussion among students. Students should know that writing
a thesis is a lot of work, but is a very rewarding experience. Have a topic idea before you start and make
sure to schedule your time so that you might start writing your thesis early.
178
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
HISTORY OF ART DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.010.101.01-04
Intro to History Eur Art
Herbert Kessler
Overall quality of the class: 3.84
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the professor's engaging class discussions that pushed students to
think and his willingness to help all students. Students learned a lot about European art history through
informative lectures and museum visits. The worst aspect of this course was the dull and uninformative
lectures, which were often disorganized. The course would improve if the lectures were shorter and
much more engaging. Students also suggested allowing high school AP Art History credits to be
transferrable, as this course mimics exactly what was learned in that class. Prospective students should
know this is a writing intensive class that will teach them the basics of art history.
AS.010.147.01
South Asian Art, Culture and Politics: Empire, Colony, Nation
Rebecca Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Students enjoyed the charismatic and knowledgeable professor who made lectures engaging and
interesting. The worst aspects of this course were the excessive amounts of readings and assignments,
which many students didn't feel were beneficial. The course would improve if the readings were
reduced. The course would also improve if the assignments were more carefully chosen and focused so
that more in-depth information could be covered. Prospective students should know that this course is
reading and assignment heavy, but overall very interesting.
AS.010.232.01
Art and Architecture of the Medieval Mediterranean World
Christopher Lakey
179
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.010.291.01-04
Architectural History of Baltimore
Martin Perschler
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the enthusiastic professor who gave interesting lectures and opened
students up to new information about the city of Baltimore. The students got to the chance to see and
learn a lot about Baltimore through enjoyable self-guided field trips. The worst aspects of this course
included the excessive weekly homework assignments and the evening meeting time. The course would
be improved if there were more class interaction, group trips, and a lighter workload for students.
Prospective students should know this is a fun class, where they will learn a lot about architecture and
gain a deeper appreciation of Baltimore.
AS.010.320.01
Art of Colonial Peru
Lisa Deleonardis
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.010.332.01
Matisse, Picasso, and Twentieth-Century Art
Jeremy Melius
Overall quality of the class: 3.84
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the course material and the well-informed professor. Students
found the lectures to be very interesting. The worst aspects of the course included the excessive and
difficult readings, as well as the dull and lengthy class sessions. The course could be improved if the class
required less reading and was more interactive. Prospective students should know that this course
requires lots of reading and their grades will be dependent on two exams and two papers.
AS.010.340.01
Renaissance Art in the Netherlands, 1400-1500
Mitchell Merback
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
180
The best aspects of this course included the professor's unique teaching style and his passion for the
interesting course material. The worst aspect of the course was the discussion board readings because
students had to give weekly responses to all of them. The readings were somewhat long and the added
discussions just made the overall workload excessive at times. The course would improve if the
discussion board readings were reduced and better tied into class discussions or altogether eliminated.
Prospective students do not need to have a background in art history, but some knowledge would
certainly be helpful. The class involves a significant amount of reading, but is altogether a manageable
course.
AS.010.351.01
Asian Art After 1945
Rebecca Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the informative lectures on Asian history, as well as the
engaging class discussions during the second half of the semester. The worst aspect of the course was
the heavy and sometime dense readings. The course would improve if students had more essays and
thought papers as it helped them to practice their writing. Also, the course would improve if the amount
of assigned readings were reduced and if there were more discussion in the first section of the class.
Prospective students should know that the course has a moderate workload and they should be
prepared to do lot of reading and participating in class.
AS.010.357.01
Monumentality in Classical Art and Architecture: From Greece to Rome
Pier Luigi Tucci
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the very knowledgeable professor and the well-organized
lectures which taught students about different monuments. The worst aspect of the course was the lack
of adequate information provided about the different monuments as the lectures and slides were often
moved through very quickly. Many students felt as though they didn't receive enough information on
how some of the monuments were built and what their significance was during their time. The course
would improve if there were more opportunities for class discussions and if more concrete information
was given on the different monuments. Prospective students should know that this course is heavily
weighted on exams, but as long as they come to class regularly and take notes, they will learn the
material successfully.
AS.010.365.01
Art of the Ancient Andes
Lisa Deleonardis
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
181
The best aspects of the course included the passionate professor and his organized lectures. The
students also got hands on experience with artifacts that were discussed by having frequent trips to the
Baltimore Museum of Art. The worst aspects of the course included the occasionally tedious readings, as
well as the limited amount of time available to cover vast amounts of information. The course would
improve if there was a little less reading and if the students had more opportunities for labs and in-class
questions. Prospective students should know that this course is very enjoyable and worth taking even if
you are not an art history major.
AS.010.440.01
Velzquez and 17th Spanish Naturalism
Felipe Pereda
Overall quality of this course: 3.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.010.459.01
The Art and Architecture of Rome in the middle Ages
Herbert Kessler
Overall quality of this course: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fascinating lectures and unique insight the professor was
able to offer because of his vast personal experience of the subject matter. The worst aspects of the
course included the inadequate class discussions and occasionally difficult content. The course would
improve if there were more opportunities for class discussion and interaction. Prospective students
should be aware that this course is solely comprised of one fifteen-page paper and independent
research. Students should endeavor to choose their final topic early on and begin working on the paper
as early as possible.
182
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.140.105.01-05
History of Medicine
Mary Fissell
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the interesting material covered in class, as it gave students insight on
how modern medicine developed. The worst aspects of this course included not having a class textbook
and the monotonous tone of the class periods. The professor also provided little information on the
PowerPoint slides making it very difficult for students to get a significant level of understanding of the
material. The course would improve if the professor provided students with more substantial
information on the PowerPoint slides, as there were no supplemental textbooks to help students learn
the content. Prospective students should know there is a lot of reading involved in this course and
regular lecture attendance is critical to good performance.
AS.140.111.01
Freshman Seminar: When Worlds Collide: Western Science Goes Global
Maria Portuondo
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging topics on the history of science, as well as the
discussion-based class. The worst aspects of this course included the sizeable readings and vague essay
assignments. Students felt like the professor tried to cover so much material that they didn't get much
in-depth information about many of the topics. The course would improve if there were fewer readings
and more focused discussions so that the course wouldn't seem so broad. Also, the course would
improve if students were given more effective direction on their essay assignments. Prospective
students should know that this is a worthwhile and interesting course that evaluates the history of
science. The class is somewhat reading intensive, but overall fun to take.
AS.140.306.01-02
183
Science and Religion
Lawrence Principe
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the dynamic and amazing professor who always covered the subject
material in a compelling and thought-provoking manner. Students found the subject material very
interesting as it looked at the interrelation of religion and science. The worst aspect of the course was
the misguided essay prompts, because they didn't provide students with the adequate amount of
information needed for them to be successful. The course would improve if the essay expectations were
clearly delivered to students and if students had more guidelines for their exams. Prospective students
should know that this course is writing intensive, yet thought provoking. As long as they take good notes
in class, they will be successful in the course.
AS.140.311.01
Ecology, Health, and the Environment
Sharon Kingsland
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the variety of topics covered in lectures and readings, which gave
students more insight about issues relevant to Baltimore. The professor also provided helpful feedback
to students regarding their work. The worst aspect of the course was the heavy amounts of reading
throughout the semester. The course would be improved if students were given electronic access to the
readings. Prospective students should know that this course provides an astute look at many current
ecological issues and it is worthwhile to take because the workload is not too heavy.
AS.140.320.01
Modernity on Display: Technology and Ideology in the Era of World War II
Robert Kargon, Arthur Molella
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings and engaging class discussions.
Students appreciated the creativity of their assignments, especially the Omeka project, which was a
great tool for helping students learn the content. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of
guidelines for the project which often left students unclear about what they were expected to do. The
course would improve if students received better guidance of their projects and assignments.
Prospective students should know that this is a really interesting history course with lots of exciting
discussions to be had.
AS.140.354.01
Science, Technology and Society in Modern East Asia
Dong-won Kim,Yixian Li
184
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.140.413.01
The White Plague: History of Tuberculosis
Daniel Todes
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the enlightening class discussions and the carefully chosen
readings, as they tied into the overall subject nicely. The worst aspects of the course included the
excessive readings and heavy content that was tightly packed into each class lecture. The course would
improve if the selected readings were more focused and condensed. In doing this, there would be more
class discussions and lectures on important subject matter. Prospective students should know that this
course requires some hefty reading, but those who start their work early-on and engage themselves are
sure to be successful in the course.
185
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
HUMANITIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.300.209.01
Chinese Literature and Culture of the Ancient and Early Medieval periods
Victoria Cass
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the extremely passionate professor and the interesting information
on Chinese history. The worst aspects of the course included the fast pace of the class and the often
heavy workload. The course would have been improved if the pace was a bit slower for students in
order to help them grasp the content better. Students would have also liked some of the course to be in
Chinese so as to help them with the spoken language. Prospective students should know that this is an
easy, enjoyable course, which focuses on historical Chinese literature.
AS.300.343.01
Philosophy and Literary Form
Kristin Boyce
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.300.359.01
Homelessness in America: Interdisciplinary and Critical Perspectives
Thomas Gottbreht
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.300.361.01
Fiction & Case History: Constructive Reading
Richard Macksey
186
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.300.367.01
Seeing Like a Woman
Anne Eakin Moss
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the varied topics and the knowledgeable professor. The course
was rich in subject material and stimulating discussions. Students disliked the heavy readings, which
often weren't discussed in their entirety because there was so much material to cover. The course
would improve if the readings were shortened and more focused in order to facilitate better class
discussions. Prospective students should know that this is a riveting course filled with materials like
movies and readings to better engage the students in stimulating topics. The course is reading intensive,
but successful students will be those who apply what they read to the overall concepts.
AS.300.397.01
How Freud Changed the Way We Think
Ruth Leys
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the knowledgeable professor who served as a great first-hand
resource for helping students to understand the course readings and content. The worst aspects of the
course included the unengaging and lengthy class discussions, as well as the heavy amounts of reading.
Also, students would have liked to learn about thinkers like Derrida and Lucan as they were told they
would in the course description. The course would improve if it was better organized and if the class
discussions were more focused and engaging. Prospective students should know this is an intellectually
stimulating course, with an often heavy workload.
187
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.650.414.01
Rights in Digital Age
Michael Jacobs
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the case discussions and the overall content, which students
found insightful and applicable to their lives. The worst aspect of the course was the amount of topics
that had to be covered. The course would improve if it could possibly be taught face to face in an actual
classroom. Most students found the course satisfactory and had no issues with it. Prospective students
should be prepared to study lots of case readings to help them understand the topics better.
EN.650.433.01
Embedded Comp. Systems
George Kalb
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the case studies and the overall class structure. The worst
aspect of the course was the lack of class interaction, as it was an online course. There were also a few
broken links in the blackboard system, which made it hard for students to access the material. The
course would improve if it were offered in class instead of online. Prospective students should know
that no previous background in embedded systems is required, but they need to pay constant attention
to the online discussions and assignments.
EN.650.445.01
Practical Cryptographic Systems
Matthew Green
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
188
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the practical topics and the efficient professor. Students
enjoyed the exposure to real-world cryptographic applications and demonstrations by a great professor.
The worst aspects of the course included the slow grading and lack of feedback on assignments. The
course would improve if students had timely feedback on their assignments and if there was a little
more structure to the entire class. Prospective students should have a background in cryptography and
be ready for the challenge that this course offers.
EN.650.457.01
Computer Forensics
Kevin Fairbanks
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the practical projects and hands on assignments that really
challenged students to learn and apply the material. The worst aspect of the course was the heavy
workload, as students were not always able to complete everything within the small time frame they
were allotted. Students also received inadequate feedback on the work and were not always sure what
was expected of them in this slightly disorganized course. The course would improve if it were more
organized and if the assignments were reduced or more spaced out. Prospective students should have
some previous knowledge of operating systems and be prepared for a heavy workload.
EN.650.460.01
Software Vulnerability Analysis
Stephen Checkoway
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning about the different vulnerabilities of software. The course was challenging
and practical. However, students felt the class did not sufficiently cover practical attacks, like the CSRF
attack. The course would improve if there was more supplemental material and hands-on learning to
help students understand the content. Prospective students should know that this course is somewhat
challenging and involves lots of projects and readings.
EN.650.640.01
Moral & Legal Foundations of Privacy
Michael Jacobs
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting content, the class discussions, and interactions
with the knowledgeable professor. The worst aspect of this course was the lengthy readings. The course
would improve if the class was better structured with the professor actually being present in every class
period and not via video. Prospective students should know that the course involves lots of readings.
Those who want to take this class should be at least somewhat familiar with the U.S legal system.
189
EN.650.653.01
Financial Issues in Managing a Secure Operation
William Agresti
Overall quality of the class: 4.52
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the class interaction and the patient professor. He tried to engage
all students and was able to teach them about information security in a very effective way. The worst
aspects of the course included the lengthy class time and lack of student participation which made
conversations dull. The course would improve if students had breaks and more activities to engage them
during the lengthy class periods. Prospective students should know that this is an enlightening course
that they will enjoy, as long as they put forth an effort.
EN.650.654.01
Computer Intrusion Detection
Xiangyang Li
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lab assignments and the practical content. The worst
aspects of this course included the lack of organization and structure of the entire class. The professor
was unclear and students did not learn enough content in the class to adequately perform well on the
assignments and essays. The course would improve if the content was more focused and if there was
more emphasis on the lab assignments. Prospective students should be sure to go over the material
carefully and be fully aware of the instructor's grading system.
190
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
INTERDEPARTMENTAL DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.360.133.01
Great Books at Hopkins
Elizabeth Patton
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students enjoyed the engaging lectures. The course had an excellent selection of reading materials and
thought-provoking discussions. The worst aspect of the course was the copious amounts of reading that
the students had to do in short periods of time. The course would be improved if the amount of
mandatory texts were lessened and if more time was allotted for discussion on each one. Prospective
students should know that this course is a combination of lectures and small group discussions.
AS.360.133.02
Great Books at Hopkins
Yi-Ping Ong
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the wide selection of interesting literature that was assigned to
the class, as well as the engaging lectures offered by different professors. The worst aspect of the course
was the large amount of material which had to be covered through the text. The lectures did not offer
in-depth analysis of the reading and there was often not enough time to discuss them before students
had to move on to the next text. The course would improve if the number of required texts for the
course was reduced and more discussion was encouraged. Prospective students should know that this is
a somewhat writing intensive course which pushes students to apply what they read through analytical
papers.
AS.360.133.03
Great Books at Hopkins
James Coleman
191
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the wide selection of interesting readings. The worst aspect of the
course was the extensive reading that was required on a weekly basis. Even though students found the
reading selections very interesting, the course would improve if the number of books assigned to the
class were reduced. Prospective students should know that this course involves reading many classic
books. It also involves some level of writing and exploring music, and overall it is an enjoyable course.
AS.360.133.04
Great Books at Hopkins
Andrew Talle
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure students got to a variety of great literature, and
the discussion based class sessions. The worst aspect of the course was the number of books that
students had to read on a weekly basis. They often found it difficult to keep up with the readings while
trying to get an in-depth understanding of the texts. The course would be improved if more time were
spent on each book and if the number of books required for the course were slightly reduced.
Prospective students should know that this course involves a substantial amount of reading and
analytical writing.
AS.360.147.01
Adam Smith and Karl Marx
Peter Jelavich, Erica Schoenberger
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the thought-provoking in-class dialogues and the stimulating texts.
The worst aspect of the course was the heavy readings. The course would improve if the class were
separated into two days each week, in order to facilitate better discussions. It would also improve if the
amount of readings were lessened. Prospective students should know that this course involves extensive
readings and class participation.
192
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.361.130.01
Introduction to Latin American Studies
Lea Ramsdell
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professor's effective use of various course materials like
PowerPoint's, videos, and readings to teach students about Latin America. Students enjoyed the
interesting lectures, passionate professor, and straightforward exams, which were always easy to study
for. The worst aspect of this course was the large class size, which made it hard for students to
participate and engage in class discussions. Many students also felt that their assigned essays were
graded too harshly and arbitrarily for an introductory level course. The course would improve if the class
size were smaller and if there was more in-depth discussion of each country's culture and history.
Prospective students should know that this is an interesting introductory course about Latin America,
with a lot of exciting things for them to learn about.
193
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
MATERIAL SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.510.101.01
Introduction to Materials Chemistry
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the knowledgeable and friendly professor who was always available
to help students. The worst aspect of the course was the fast paced and somewhat disorganized lectures
which made it hard for students to keep up with the material. Students also found some assignments
very difficult and sometimes uncorrelated with what they had learned in class. The course would
improve if the lectures were more organized and taught at a slower pace. Prospective students should
have some prior chemistry knowledge and be prepared to stay on top on the material, as the course
moves quite fast.
EN.510.109.01
Materials Science & Engineering for the 21st Century
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the weekly presentations, occasional pizza, and informative
lectures on material science and engineering. This class helped students decide whether they wanted to
continue on as Material Science and Engineering majors. The worst aspects of the course included the
unengaging lectures and the inadequate amount of time available for lecture. The course would improve
if students did more hands-on projects or experiments related to the subject. Prospective students
should know that this course will give them more insight into Material Science and Engineering, while
being very light on the workload.
EN.510.311.01
Structure of Materials
Todd Hufnagel
194
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interactive class lectures and approachable professor. The
worst aspects of the course included the dense readings and textbook, by which students were expected
to learn the majority of the material. The homework and reading quizzes were extremely difficult for
students especially because many of the readings were ineffective and a lot of the material wasn't
covered in class. The course would improve if the professor lectured more and did practice examples in
order to ensure students understand the more difficult content. Prospective students should know that
previous knowledge of MATLAB is helpful and what they learn in this course will be almost completely
based on what they teach themselves through the readings.
EN.510.312.01
Thermodynamics/Materials
Margarita Herrera-Alonso
Overall quality of the class: 2.78
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the organized and well-structured class setup. The students found the
online notes and the professor helpful in learning thermodynamics. The worst aspects of the course
included the computation models and the ineffectiveness of lecture. The course would improve if there
were more examples to go over and if the professor was more organized. Prospective students should
know that they will perform well in the class if they practice the concepts and stay on top of the
material.
EN.510.316.01
Biomaterials I
Hai-Quan Mao
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the brilliant and knowledgeable professor, as well as the wide
range of biomaterial topics covered. The homework assignments were very helpful in learning the
content. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy homework assignments and questionable
grading system that was established in the class. The course would improve if the students had better
feedback on the homework and tests in order for them to know how to improve and to understand
where their grades were coming from. Prospective students should be prepared to spend time with the
homework assignments and supplemental readings that will help them perform well on the exams.
EN.510.403.01
Materials Characterization
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
195
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the hands on learning experience and group projects. Students
got to see and work with the machines that they were learning about, making the course very practical.
The worst aspects of the course included the disorganized lectures and vast amounts of material that
had to be covered. The course would improve if the lecture material was more organized and
structured. Students also recommend a concise study guide so that they could have known what they
needed to study for the exams. Prospective students should know that this course will teach them
material characterization techniques thoroughly and they will find it useful.
EN.510.415.01
The Chemistry of Materials Synthesis
Howard Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the informal lectures on current research in materials science. The
worst aspect of the course was the lack of cohesiveness between the lectures and exams. The course
felt repetitive at times and some students were unaware of their academic standing in the class. The
course would improve if students had more information about material synthesis along with supporting
practice problems. Prospective students should have a background in chemistry for this informative and
enjoyable course.
EN.510.421.01
Nanoparticles
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the outstanding professor and interesting course topic.
Students were able to review current applications of nanoparticles through presentations and paper
reviews. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of adequate lessons on the subject matter
due to the constant presentations. The course would improve if there were more lectures on the subject
and fewer presentations, or better-structured presentations. Prospective students should know that this
course involves lots of rich content on nanoparticles and students that have an interest in
nanotechnology will enjoy the course.
EN.510.426.01
Biomolecular Materials I - Soluble Proteins and Amphiphiles
Kalina Hristova
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the student presentations of different research techniques. The worst
aspect of this course was the dull lectures. Each student had to do a one hour presentation, which made
it often difficult for the other students to pay attention in class. The course would improve if the length
196
of the class presentations were cut short and perhaps divided into two different presentations.
Prospective students should know that this worthwhile course will teach students a lot about research.
EN.510.428.01
Material Science Lab I
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the hands-on approach to learning about material science. The lab
experiments were interactive strengthened students' knowledge of materials science. The worst aspects
of the course included the class disorganization and lack of clarity on the professor's part. Students were
often unsure about how to complete labs and some of the lab equipment was either damaged or
unavailable. The course would improve if there were clearer lab guidelines, new lab equipment, and an
overall restructuring of the course. Prospective students should be prepared to spend lots of time on the
lab reports.
EN.510.433.01
Senior Design Research
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the independent research structure, which prepared students for
future research and allowed them to go at their own pace. The worst aspect of the course was the lack
of organization, as due dates were changed and assignments were often unclear. Also, the professor
rarely taught the class and allowed guest speakers to do the talking. The course would improve if it were
more organized. Prospective students should know that this course requires 12 hours of weekly
research and it is helpful to begin the senior design project in advance.
EN.510.601.01
Structure of Materials
Todd Hufnagel
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the energetic and knowledgeable professor. The course covered a lot
of information in an in-depth manner and the professor was able to keep students engaged through
jokes and efficient lectures. The worst aspects of the course were the fast paced lectures and the
extremely difficult exams that didn't incorporate much of what students were actually learning in class.
The course would improve if the material was covered at a slower pace so that the concepts could be
explained more clearly. Prospective students should have a materials science background and be
prepared for some extensive reading to understand the challenging material.
EN.510.602.01
Thermodynamics of Materials
197
Robert Cammarata
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the entertaining professor and the logical material presented in
lectures. Students felt that the course textbook was effective and suitable for the course. The worst
aspects of the course included the professor's handwriting and the inadequate amount of material that
was covered. The course would improve if students had more practice problems and if the pace of the
course was a bit quicker so that all the material could be covered. Prospective students should be
prepared to attend all lectures and do the readings in order to effectively grasp the subject material.
EN.510.611.01
Solid State Physics
Theodore Poehler
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the efficient professor who was invested in his students learning
the material and the broad range of physics topics that were covered. The worst aspect of the course
was the ineffective and scattered lectures given by the professor. The professor assigned homework
assignments before teaching the material and often jumped around different subjects. The course
would improve if the students had more examples and clearer notes on the different equations.
Prospective students should endeavor to read the textbook and get extra help with the material as
needed.
EN.510.618.01
Electronic and Photonic Processes and Devices
Theodore Poehler
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
198
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
MATHEMATICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.110.105.01-02
Intro to Calculus
John Ross
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the effective delivery of the mathematical concepts by a great
professor. Students found the teaching assistant sections to be fantastic. The worst aspects of the
course included the heavily weighted exams and homework assignments. The course would improve if
students had more help with complicated math problems, in and outside of class. Prospective students
should know that this course is an excellent introductory calculus class. Students who leave time for
their homework assignments and practice the problems will be successful in this course.
AS.110.106.01-11
Calculus I
Nitya Kitchloo
Overall quality of the class: 3.26
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the class section meetings with the teaching assistants. The worst
aspect of the course was the professor's fast pace teaching style, which didn't cover all of the material at
times and wasn't able to effectively communicate the mathematical content. Students felt that the
professor did not show a genuine interest in helping them grasp the content, and he always found a way
to complicate the concepts. The course would improve if the professor moved at a slower pace and
provided students with practice exams that were similar to the real exams. Prospective students should
know that this is a very difficult calculus course and that it is imperative they do the practice problems
regularly, allot time for studying, and use all of the extra resources available, like the section meetings.
AS.110.107.01-04
Turgay Bayraktar
199
Calculus II
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was professor's clear and effective teaching style. The professor also
taught almost directly from the textbook, which made it easy for students to follow along and review
the math problems. The worst aspects of the course included the large amounts of information that
students had to learn, and the occasional confusion about the content as the professor sometimes made
topics more complicated than necessary. Many students also felt that the class sessions with the
teaching assistants were not very helpful. The course would improve if the professor went over more
problems and examples during lectures, and it would also improve if the students were completely clear
on the type of problems that would be on exams. Prospective students should be conscious of
completing their homework and must be very familiar with Calculus I in order to perform well in this
somewhat difficult course.
AS.110.108.01-05
Calculus I
Richard Brown, Brian Smithling
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor, whose effective teachings skills and clear lectures
helped students learn the material. The professor showed genuine interest in the students and was
available to help them. The worst aspects of the course included the difficult homework assignments,
textbook-based lectures, and the heavy workload. The course would improve if there were more in-class
examples of the problems that did not come from the textbook, to show students what more difficult
problems are like and have them practice those problems. Prospective students should know that this
course offers a straightforward approach to calculus and as long as they push themselves through
homework and study, they will be successful.
AS.110.109.01-10
Calculus II
Chikako Mese
Overall quality of the class: 3.72
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professor, who was effective in teaching the difficult calculus
material, and was always willing to answer questions about the problems. The class lectures adhered to
the textbook material and the exams were straightforward. The worst aspects of this course included
the heavy workload, lengthy exams, and time-consuming homework assignments. The professor was
sometimes disorganized when doing example problems and would confuse students in this already fast
paced course. The course would improve if more review problems were provided for students, and if the
lessons focused on the more difficult concepts at a slower pace. Prospective students should prepare to
be challenged in this course that requires some serious study and time commitment.
200
AS.110.113.01
Honors Single Variable Calculus
John Lind
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Students liked the class structure, in which students got to work on proofs and teach one another
through the Inquiry Based Learning system. The students were engaged in thought-provoking
discussions and worked together in groups to understand the material. The worst aspects of the course
included the difficult and lengthy homework assignments, as well as the class pace, which was heavily
content on student participation. Many students also felt that the class did not cover as much calculus
material as was expected. The course would improve if more proofs and theorems were provided, and if
more course content was covered more-in-depth. Prospective students should know that this somewhat
intensive course is heavily based on class participation and requires a lot of review work.
AS.110.201.01-05
Linear Algebra
Oliver Gjoneski
Overall quality of the class: 3.59
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor's clear and practical lectures, his approachability,
and his genuine interest in helping the students learn. The worst aspects of the course included the fast
pace of the lectures and the lengthy homework assignments, which often did not correlate with the
tests in terms of the level of difficulty. The course would improve if more time was spent on proofs and
explaining how they are derived and applied. It would also improve if there were more practice
problems and in-depth coverage of the content. Prospective students should know that this is a
somewhat difficult linear algebra course that involves heavy amounts of homework, but those who
apply themselves will be successful.
AS.110.202.01-10
Calculus III
Nicholas Marshburn
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the incredibly knowledgeable professor who was able to teach the
students a new form of calculus with ease. The worst aspects of this course included the excessive
number of proofs that were reviewed in class, and the fast pace in which the professor taught the
extremely abstract material. Students also found the homework assignments and exams to be very
difficult. The course would improve if students were provided with more practice problems and practice
tests relative to the level of difficulty on their exams, and if they had a better supporting textbook.
Prospective students should be aware that this course can be challenging and that a solid background in
Calculus I & II is imperative.
201
AS.110.211.01
Honors Multivariable Calculus
Hans Lindblad
Overall quality of the class: 3.15
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the laid-back atmosphere in which students dealt with very practical
and applicable multivariable calculus. The worst aspect of the course was the lectures, which students
found very unclear and ineffective. The professor was not able to effectively communicate the course
content and as a result, the lectures were hard to follow. The course would improve if the lectures were
more organized, interactive, and accompanied with more practice problems or examples. Prospective
students should know that there is a lot of material to cover in this course and a strong background in
calculus is necessary.
AS.110.212.01
Honors Linear Algebra
W Stephen Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the challenging course material, the accessible professor and
teaching assistant and the lack of class exams. The worst aspects of the course included the tough and
excessive homework assignments, as well as the abstract and limited teaching available for the difficult
subjects. The course could improve if the professor provided more teachings and explanations on the
material. Prospective students should be familiar with proofs and theories before entering into this
extremely challenging course that is designed for serious math students.
AS.110.302.01-08
Diff Equations/Applic
Richard Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the enthusiastic and engaging professor who was able to teach the
important concepts of the class and provide extra assistance for students. The worst aspect of the
course was the heavy and time consuming workload. The homework assignments were lengthy,
repetitive, and sometimes did not correlate with what the students were learning in class. The course
would improve if the homework problems were slightly reduced, if more time were spent on the more
difficult content, and if students were provided with more examples or practice exams that would help
them master the material. Prospective students should know that some prior knowledge of linear
algebra and advanced calculus is needed to be successful in this course. Students who attend lectures,
do the problems, and seek extra help when needed will perform well in this course.
AS.110.304.01
Elementary Number Theory
202
W Stephen Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the class structure, which allowed students to think logically and
understand the content without having to be so worried about grades. There was emphasis on the
homework assignments and proofs in an independent format that encouraged independent learning.
The worst aspects of the course included the lack of class lectures and the incessant reviews of the
homework assignments. The course could improve if the professor gave detailed lectures from time to
time and perhaps provided homework examples to students. Prospective students should be aware that
this course includes weekly quizzes and homework, but involves no exams. Students interested in this
course should be familiar with proofs and be prepared to spend a good amount of time on homework.
AS.110.311.01
Methods/Complex Analysis
Jian Kong
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the mathematically applicable concepts and the effective
professor. The course material was moderate for the students and much of the content could be applied
to both engineering and physics. The worst aspects of this course included the fast pace in which the
lessons were taught, as well as the professor's difficult and hard to follow lectures. The course could
improve if the professor slowed down the pace of his lectures and spent more time with the complex
material. Prospective students should know that this is a fair upper level math course in which the
students are assumed to have a solid math background.
AS.110.401.01
Advanced Algebra I
Caterina Consani
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course material and the professor, who was an
effective teacher and motivated students. The worst aspects of the course included the dense and
confusing textbook, as well as the repetitive classes in which the professor taught content directly from
the book. The course could improve if the lectures were clearer and more focused on the complex
concepts. Prospective students should know that this course is somewhat intensive and there will be
lots of homework problems to complete week by week. It is recommended that you have a strong
foundation in math and are familiar with proofs before you decide to take this course.
AS.110.405.01
Introduction to Real Analysis
Jose Gomez
203
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professor, who taught the course content in a clear and
enthusiastic way. The professor showed a genuine interest in making sure the students understood all of
the subject material and was always available to assist them during office hours. The worst aspect of this
course was the teaching assistant sessions, as the teaching assistant was often unable to communicate
the information clearly. The course could improve if the teaching assistant sessions were restructured
and if some of the workload was slightly reduced. Prospective students should know that this is a
challenging course which requires constant practice and review. Students who want to be successful in
this course should spend a lot of time with the material, read, and do the homework assignments
carefully.
AS.110.415.01
Honors Analysis I
Carl McTague
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
AS.110.439.01
Intro to Diff Geometry
Yuan Yuan
Overall quality of the class: 3.62
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.110.601.01
Algebra
Maxim Arap, Hans Lindblad
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the well-organized lectures, the helpful homework assignments,
and the approachable professor. The worst aspects of this course included the time consuming
homework assignments and the insufficient amount of time available to learn each concept in this fast
paced course. The course would improve if students received helpful feedback on their work, and
shorter homework assignments. Prospective students should have a strong background in algebra and
be prepared to be challenged.
AS.110.605.01
Real Variables
Hans Lindblad, Lu Wang
Overall quality of this course: 3.60
204
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.110.645.01
Riemannian Geometry
Hans Lindblad, Yuan Yuan
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
205
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.530.101.01
Freshman Experiences in Mechanical Engineering
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 3.45
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning about different areas of mechanical engineering from experts in the field.
They also liked learning to use MATLAB, which would be useful for future courses. Students said some of
the lectures were boring and some of the material was too easy. They also said the lecture topics were
disjointed from class to class. Students suggested doing more MATLAB demonstrations in class and
covering more advanced material. This course may be useful to students who are unsure of whether
they want to study mechanical engineering. While the MATLAB component may be challenging, the
course is overall not difficult, as it doesn't cover the material in much depth.
EN.530.103.01
Introduction to Mechanics I
John Thomas
Overall quality of the class: 4.37
Summary:
Students noted that this course was a good introduction to physics and agreed that the professor was
engaging, enthusiastic, and approachable. They did not like that the homework and tests were much
harder than material covered in class. They also said that the concepts were hard to grasp if you didn't
have a background in physics or calculus. Students suggested doing more difficult problems in class to
prepare them for the homework. Students said that the grading in this course is very fair, and is not too
hard if you keep up with the homework and study hard for the exams. Students should also know that
this course may be unnecessary if you took AP physics.
EN.530.105.01-04
Mechanical Engineering Freshman Lab I
Steven Marra
206
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
Students liked getting hands-on practice of the concepts from classes and MATLAB programming. They
said some of the labs were very interesting, especially the final design project. Negative aspects of the
course were that the labs sometimes took a long time and students had to stay late to finish them. In
addition, some of the labs were boring, tedious or too simple. Suggestions for improvement included
making the labs shorter or doing more of the setup beforehand. Students should know that there is no
work outside of class, but that the labs can be time-consuming. Also the first few labs may seem dull,
but are worth taking for the design project.
EN.530.201.01-06
Statics and Mechanics of Materials
Takeru Igusa
Overall quality of the class: 3.96
Summary:
Students noted that the best aspects of this course were that it was well-organized, straightforward, and
not too difficult. They did not like that the lectures were boring and said it was confusing when the
professor and TA tried to teach together. Some also said the homework was not challenging and was
more like busywork. Students suggested making the lectures more engaging and including more real-
world applications. Students should know that the course can be time-consuming, but the workload is
fair and reasonable. If you did well in Physics I this course will be fairly easy.
EN.530.231.01
Mech Eng Thermodynamics
Joseph Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
Students liked the very applicable material in this course. They also said the professor was a good
lecturer who was passionate about the subject. They said the negative parts of the course were the
professor's disorganization and the lack of online resources. They also disliked that the lectures were
sometimes boring and hard to follow. Students suggested having more practice problems, a clearer
syllabus and a course website with lecture notes available. Students considering this course should know
that the material is very challenging and that it is hard to catch up if you fall behind. Students are
encouraged to do a lot of practice problems and read the textbook to keep up.
EN.530.232.01
MechE Thermodynamics Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 3.53
Summary:
207
Students mentioned that the labs were interesting and relevant to the course material. They also liked
learning to write lab reports. As for negative aspects, they said the lectures were unnecessary, the
grading of lab reports was tough, and it took a long time to get graded reports back. Students suggested
that the course would be improved by giving out some example lab reports and doing some individual
lab reports instead of just group reports. Students recommended the lab course as a good addition to
the thermodynamics lecture. It is advised that students start the lab reports early and try to organize
their groups well so everyone does their share.
EN.530.327.01
Introduction to Fluid Mechanics
Rajat Mittal
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Students liked the engaging lectures with lots of examples of applications. They also said the material
was interesting and the workload was reasonable. The negative aspects were that exams were very
difficult and harshly graded. They also said the labs sometimes used concepts that hadn't been covered
in the lectures. Students suggested going over more practice problems in class and making the lab and
lecture material more coordinated. Students considering this course should expect a difficult class.
Although the workload is not too heavy, the exams are very hard.
EN.530.329.01
Intro to Fluid Mechanics Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the practical and hands-on applications that helped students
understand the material. The negative aspects were that the labs often didn't match up with the lecture
content and there was not timely feedback on the lab reports. Students suggested more coordination
between the lab and lecture concepts, in addition to better feedback on lab reports. This is a typical lab
course with only three labs, which are not too time-consuming. Students are encouraged to attend the
lab lectures for guidance on writing lab reports.
EN.530.352.01
Materials Selection
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the professor's clear and straightforward lectures. Students also liked
learning CES software. The negative aspects were that lectures were sometimes boring and the textbook
was not useful. Students' suggestions for improvement included using a different textbook and making
the labs more interesting or relevant. This is a fairly straightforward, interesting class with a typical
workload. Students are encouraged to take good notes since the textbook is not very useful.
208
EN.530.403.01
Engineering Design Project
Nathan Scott
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the hands-on design experience and applicable skills learned in other
courses. The downsides were the high number of reports to write, which took time away from actually
working on the project. Some students also said there was not enough guidance because there were
very few lectures. Suggestions for improvement included having fewer or shorter reports and more
lectures to give students some direction on their projects. Students should know that this class is
extremely time-consuming, but very rewarding.
EN.530.405.01
Mechanics of Solids and Structures
Jaafar El-Awady
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.414.01-04
Computer-Aided Design
Dan Stoianovici
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the hands-on learning and the useful skills learned. The downsides
were the very intense workload and the fast pace of the class. Students' suggestions included getting
better and timelier feedback on homework, in addition to splitting up the lecture into two lectures per
week instead of one. Students should know that the course is extremely time-consuming. However, it
will give you a great understanding of CAD, which is essential for engineers.
EN.530.420.01-04
Robot Sensors/Actuators
Noah Cowan
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the practical material and hands-on experience in the labs.
However, students agreed that the professor was disorganized and didn't prepare his lectures well.
The course would be improved if homework was returned sooner, the lectures were planned better, and
the professor gave more guidance on lab projects. While the course is disorganized, it does teach some
useful information and skills. It is helpful to know some coding before taking this course.
209
EN.530.424.01
Dynamics of Robots and Spacecraft
Gregory Chirikjian
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
Students mentioned that the fascinating subject matter was the best part of this course and that the
professor was good at explaining concepts. However, there was very little feedback on homework and it
took the professor several weeks to grade the assignments. The course would be improved by speedier
feedback on homework and including more examples in the lectures. Students should know that this is a
challenging and math-heavy course. Having a linear algebra background helps.
EN.530.446.01
Experimental Methods in Biomechanics
Stephen Belkoff
Overall quality of the class: 4.37
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the field trips, labs, and learning practical aspects of biomechanics.
The professor was a good teacher, very approachable and down to earth. Students said the negative
aspects were that the course did not cover enough material and was poorly structured. Students
suggested reviewing the relevant material better before the labs. Overall, students said this was a fun
class and they learned some useful information on biomechanics.
EN.530.454.01
Manufacturing Engineering
Yury Ronzhes
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the learned practical skills, the fun labs, and the field trips. Students
did not like that the professor lectured right out of the book and found the lectures were not very
useful. They suggested having more labs and less lecturing to improve the course. Overall, it is a fun and
fairly easy class that teaches some useful manufacturing skills. However, it may be too easy for someone
who has experience in manufacturing or machining.
EN.530.467.01
Thermal Design Issues for Aerospace Systems
Cila Herman
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
210
The best aspects of this course were the interactive lecture style, in-class problem solving,
presentations, and the trip to the Air & Space Museum. Students said the homework was often difficult
because the material had not been sufficiently covered in class. They suggested doing more example
problems in class to prepare students for the homework. The course could also be improved by more
organization and better communication about deadlines. Overall, the course is interesting and not too
time-consuming, although there are some difficult homework assignments.
EN.530.605.01
Mechanics of Solids and Materials
Thao Nguyen
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the challenging homework assignments and the interesting
course material. The worst aspects of the course included the vast amount of material which needed to
be covered and the lack of clarity in some of the professor's lectures. Students found the homework
assignments and tests difficult in comparison to what they were actually learning in class. The course
would improve if some of the lectures were clearer and if the lecture notes were made available to
students. The course would also improve if students were given more practice problems to help ensure
they properly grasped all the concepts. Prospective students should have a background in tensor algebra
and mechanics.
EN.530.610.01
Statistical Mechanics in Biological Systems
Sean Sun
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.621.01
Fluid Dynamics I
Andrea Prosperetti
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the lecture notes the professor provided for students. The worst
aspects of the course included the professor's disorganized and hard to follow lectures, as well as the
exams, homework, and errors in the lecture notes. Students felt intimidated when asking questions. The
course would improve if the professor took the time to clearly elaborate on the more difficult content.
Prospective students should know that this course is challenging and they should have some previous
background in applied math and fluid mechanics.
EN.530.624.01
Dynamics of Robots and Spacecraft (Graduate)
Gregory Chirikjian
211
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.632.01
Convection
Cila Herman
Overall quality of the class: 3.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class Comsol project and the practical examples of
convection. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of substantial examples and theories in teaching
the subject matter. Students did not learn as much as they hoped and felt like the material lacked
structure and organization. The course would improve if students had more homework assignments,
lectures, and examples of the content. Prospective students should have previous knowledge of heat
transfer in order to be successful in this course.
EN.530.646.01
Introduction to Robotics
Noah Cowan
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the content and the comprehensive final project. The worst
aspect of the course was the heavy homework assignments that often did not cover what students were
learning in class. Students also found the lectures and the professor very disorganized. The course would
improve if students had clearer and more practical examples of the material. Prospective students
should know that this course is very mathematically oriented and some previous background in math
and dynamics will be helpful to them.
EN.530.656.01
Mechanisms of Deformation and Fracture
Kevin Hemker
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lectures, informative content, and relative course material.
The worst aspects of the course included the hefty amount of assignments and untimely feedback on
those assignments. The course would be improved if the workload were reduced. Students also believe
the course title should be changed to match the actual content they go over. Prospective students
should know that this is a useful course for understanding dislocation and mechanics of solids. Some
background knowledge of dislocation theory is assumed.
EN.530.790.01
212
Advanced Finite Element Methods and Multi-Scale Methods
Somnath Ghosh
Overall quality of this course: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
213
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
MILITARY SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.374.101.01-02
Leadership and Management I
Jeremy Bushyager, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the engaging and hands-on classes that dealt with useful topics. The
worst aspects of this course included the lengthy lecture times and the twenty-page paper. The course
would be improved if it met twice a week instead of once and if students had more hands-on
opportunities to practice the leadership skills. Prospective students should know that this course
involves a certain level of work and reading, but offers them skills that will be useful in military and non-
military situations.
AS.374.110.01
Basic Leadership Laboratory I
Jeremy Bushyager, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
Students enjoyed getting hands-on practice of various skills and tactics. Students learned how to think
and lead while engaging in physical activities. The worst aspect of this course was the lack of proper
leadership and direction on some of the lab days. The course would improve if there were more
opportunities for the MS1s to lead and engage one another. Prospective students should know that this
is a great course that will give lots of hands on army experience. It is important that students always be
prompt and ready for anything to happen in this outdoor course.
AS.374.201.01-02
Leadership & Teamwork I
Matthew Dusablon, Shane Seay
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
214
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful teachers and the interactive demonstrations of the
course material. Students were able to do some practical training exercises based on the theories they
learned in class. However, the training exercises could sometimes be dreary and drawn out. The course
would be improved if students received more detailed reviews before exams. Prospective students
should know that this is a fairly easy and interactive class that deals with practical military theories.
AS.374.210.01
Basic Team Leadership
Matthew Dusablon,Shane Seay
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.301.01-02
Leadership and Tactical Theory I
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.307.01
Leadership in Military History
Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.310.01
Basic Tactical Leadership Lab
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.401.01
Adaptive Leadership
Paul Carroll
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.407.01
Being a Platoon Leader
215
Paul Carroll, Glen Stambone
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.410.01
Advanced Planning & Decision Making I
Paul Carroll
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
216
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
MUSEUM AND SOCIETY PROGRAMS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.389.201.01
Introduction to the Museum: Past and Present
Elizabeth Rodini
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the insightful readings, engaging class discussions, and the
energetic professor. Students found the museum maps to be a very useful tool in helping them learn
about different locations. The worst aspect of the course was the hefty amount of readings as there was
lots of information that had to be covered from week to week. The course would improve if the readings
were reduced and more tied into class discussions. Prospective students should know that this course
involves a lot of reading, but they will encounter a lot of interesting topics, especially about the history
of museums.
AS.389.357.01
Heaven on Earth: Art, Culture and Wonder in the Vatican Museum and Libra
Earle Havens
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the brilliant and knowledgeable professor whose vast knowledge of
the subject translated well into his weekly lectures. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy
class time and hefty reading assignments. The course would improve if the readings were condensed to
be more focused. Also, the course would improve if there were more concise guidelines for the
assignments and the final paper. Prospective students should know that this course involves a 20-25
page paper and a class presentation. The course teaches some really interesting subjects about history,
philosophy and theology.
AS.389.361.01
Introduction to Material Culture: Early Views of Baltimore
Catherine Arthur
217
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.389.369.01
Encountering the Art of East Asia: Museum Display, Theory and Practice
Robert Mintz
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.389.371.01
The Artist in the Museum: Making Books
James Abbott, Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students liked the open and creative atmosphere of the course. They got to learn about different forms
of art while producing a final project of their own choosing. The worst aspects of the course were its
open-endedness, which made students sometimes unclear of their work, and that the professors
seemed to impose their own ideas on students in terms of their final projects. The course would
improve if students were allowed to focus on their own artistic direction in the course, whether it in
photography or graphic design. Prospective students should know that this is a great course for creative
people and even though it could be time-consuming.
AS.389.385.01
Global Perspectives on the Museum
Sanchita Balachandran, Elizabeth Rodini
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the enjoyable topics about different museums around the world
and the highly intellectual group discussions held in class. The downside of the course was the heavy
workload, which involved weekly readings and responses of up to 500 words. The course would improve
if some of the readings were reduced and were more focused. The course would also be much more
exciting if the professors encouraged discussions instead of having students just raise their hands in
class. Prospective students should know that this course includes some hefty reading and weekly
writing, but is an interesting course nonetheless.
218
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.376.111.01-02
Rudiments-Music Theory
John Crouch
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the straightforward and basic lessons on music theory, and
getting hands on practice by playing instruments in class. The worst aspect of this course was the lack of
study materials outside of the classroom. Students who fell behind had a hard time catching up with the
concepts. The course would improve if the instructor could be slower at times and give the students
instructions on some of the topics. Prospective students should know that this is a simple and standard
class on music theory and there is no prior background needed in order to be successful in the course.
AS.376.111.03-04
Rudiments-Music Theory
Travis Hardaway
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fun and interesting atmosphere where students received lessons on music and
music theory. The worst aspects of this course included the often disorganized quizzes and ill-structured
class periods. The course would improve if the professor engaged the students with more hands-on
experiments that correlated with concepts. It would also improve if the professor covered the difficult
concepts more in-depth. Prospective students should know this is a great course which teaches them
the basics of music theory.
AS.376.211.01
Theory & Musicianship I
Ruby Fulton
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
219
Summary:
Students enjoyed learning about music in a fun environment. The course homework and material helped
students really understand the content. Students felt the course was sometimes too fast-paced. The
course would improve if there were more hands-on examples of the subjects. Prospective students
should know that while not necessary, some music background is helpful. This course is overall a great
way for students to learn music theory.
AS.376.211.02
Theory & Musicianship I
Travis Hardaway
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the composition assignments and the personable professor who
showed excitement in teaching students music. The worst aspect of this course was that lectures were
often disorganized and confusing. The course would improve if the professor was more organized and if
there were more subjects covered regularly. Prospective students should know that this is an interesting
and hands-on music course. Students will also get to compose their own music.
AS.376.212.01
Theory/Musicianship II
John Crouch
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the enjoyable lectures, which often involved listening to music.
Students did not like the fast-paced lessons, most of which came from the textbook, and the homework
assignments, which were tedious and overwhelming at times. The course would improve if it were more
interactive and if it included a little more ear training so as to help students understand the material
better. Prospective students should know that this is an enjoyable music course with enough homework
to help them learn what they need to learn.
AS.376.214.01
Music Theory III - Formal Analysis
Stephen Stone
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Students enjoyed the laid-back atmosphere for learning about various music topics. Students also got to
hear new and different forms of music they may not have been exposed to before. The worst aspect of
this course was the long and subjective assignments. The course would improve if students had more
assistance and hints with the homework assignments. Prospective students should know that this course
requires some sort of background in music theory. Overall, it is fun and very manageable in terms of the
workload.
220
AS.376.242.01-03
Intro To Popular Music
David Smooke, Stephen Stone
Overall quality of the class: 4.66
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures and the professor who showed great
enthusiasm for the course through his high energy teaching style. Students were able to learn about a
wide variety of music and its history. Students did not like the listening quizzes, as it was difficult to
identify certain songs, especially since they were not too familiar with the genre of music prior to the
course. Many students also felt the TA sessions were unnecessary since no additional information was
taught in the sessions. The course would improve if the musical genres were studied more in-depth, and
if the amount of songs on the listening quizzes were reduced. Prospective students should know that
this is a really easy and fun class where they will learn a great deal about the history of music.
AS.376.250.01
Introduction to Computer Music
Mark Lackey
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
Students enjoyed the hands-on approach to learning about the history of computer music through
software such as PureData, Audacity, and Soundhack. However, they felt that the second half of the
course focused too much on the PureData program. The course would improve if it met more than just
once a week in order to help students have more practice with the programs. It would also improve if
there was less focus on the PureData program and more variety in the class assignments and projects.
Prospective students should know that this course is more about composing music and there is no
previous background needed to take this course. It involves a substantial amount of reading in the
beginning, but is overall an enjoyable course.
AS.376.252.01
Jazz History
Alexander Norris
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
Students liked the enthusiastic professor and learning about jazz in an enjoyable class setting. The worst
aspect of the course was the lengthy class time, which could not really be controlled because the class
only met once a week. The course would improve if there were a few more resources like PowerPoint's
and homework sheets to help students retain the information better. Prospective students should know
that is a really splendid course in which they get to listen to a lot of music. One does not need a music
background to enjoy the course, but they should be ready to listen and pay attention to the music being
presented.
221
AS.376.303.01
Musical Theater from Aristophanes to Leonard Bernstein
Susan Weiss
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
Students liked the well-informed professor who was able to relate with the course content and relay it
to the students in an engaging way. The course also involved guest lecturers that the students really
enjoyed. The worst aspect of this course was the hefty amount of reading required. The course would
improve if the readings were more condensed and if the overall information presented in class was
more focused. Prospective students should know that this is an amazing course, as it is very informative
and engaging.
222
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.670.619.01
Fundamental Physics and Chemistry of Nanomaterials
Michael Bevan, Chia Ling Chien, John McCaffery, Peter Searson, Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 3.62
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the wide range of interesting topics covered. The worst aspect of the
course was the lack of homework assignments or other course materials to help students retain the
content. Student grades were comprised of just one exam and there was only a little emphasis on the
course material. The course would improve if there were supporting materials for the course like
textbooks, notes, or even homework assignments. Prospective students should endeavor to attend all
class lectures and be aware that their grade is solely determined by one take-home final exam.
223
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.130.101.01
Ancient Near Eastern Civilizations
Glenn Schwartz
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the informative and interactive class lectures as well as the
knowledgeable professor. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of assignments to help
students with their grades, as well as the extensive readings that were required from time to time. The
course would improve if students received study guides and materials for the tests. It would also
improve if there were more assignments available to help students with their grades. Prospective
students should know that attending all lectures and doing all the assigned readings will assist them with
the exams and in the course overall.
AS.130.110.01
Intro To Archaeology
Susan McCarter
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the laid back yet straight forward structure of the class and the
hands-on projects. The worst aspects of this course included the somewhat hefty readings, as well as
the dull lectures. The course would improve if the lecture notes were more focused and informative,
and if the students did more activities. Prospective students should know that the course involves a lot
reading and writing.
AS.130.140.01
Hebrew Bible / Old Testament
Theodore Lewis
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
224
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor, who was always prepared and enthusiastic about the
course subject. The worst aspects of this course included the hefty assignments and papers, which many
felt were a bit excessive for an entry level course. The course would improve if the exams had more
variation and were more contextual. Prospective students should know that this is a very easy and
straightforward course. The class is engaging and as long as the student participates and does the
readings, they will be successful.
AS.130.177.01
World Prehistory
Michael Harrower
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the simple and organized lectures. The worst aspect of the course
was the early class time, as it was difficult for many students to stay awake. The professor also always
went off on tangents while delivering the lectures as a result of his passion for the topic. The course
would improve if the professor was able to stick to his lecture notes and PowerPoint slides. It would also
improve if there were a few more tests and assignments spread out throughout the semester so that
student grades wouldn't be so heavily weighed on the last few weeks. Prospective students should know
that this is an easy course, with a manageable workload for anyone interested in archaeology and
prehistory.
AS.130.251.01
Made for the Gods: Votive Egyptian Objects in the Archaeological Museum
Betsy Bryan
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was getting to handle and work with different artifacts from museums.
The professor was knowledgeable and passionate about the subject which translated into great lectures.
The worst aspect of the course was its lack of structure. There was no syllabus and no grading policy,
which made it hard for students to be clear on assignments. The course would improve if students were
given a syllabus and a more structured set of guidelines for the class. Prospective students should know
that this is a great course where they will do some research and analysis of ancient artifacts.
AS.130.301.01
History of Ancient Syria-Palestine
P McCarter
Overall quality of the class: 3.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course materials and the knowledgeable
professor. The worst aspect of the course was the dull and disengaging lectures that students often had
225
difficulty paying attention to. The lectures became monotonous and sometimes repetitive. The course
would improve if the professor engaged the students more and communicated the information clearer
to them. Prospective students should know that this is a manageable course in terms of the workload
and their success depends on not only attending lectures regularly, but doing the readings.
AS.130.329.01
Ancient Egyptian Art and Archaeology
Betsy Bryan
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course materials and the extremely thought-
provoking discussions that the professor was able to generate. The worst aspect of the course was the
sometimes overwhelming readings. The course would improve if the required readings were reduced.
Prospective students should know that this course involves a lot of interesting content that deals with
ancient Egypt. There is no previous background needed to take this course and the workload is relatively
light.
AS.130.348.01
Religious Law Wrestles with Change: The Case of Judaism
David Katz
Overall quality of the class: 3.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
226
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
NEUROSCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.080.250.01-03
Neuroscience Lab
Linda Gorman, Jason Trageser
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interactive class sessions where students got hands-on
neuroscience experience. Students dissected animals and used different models to apply what they
learned in neuroscience. The worst aspects of this course included the electrophysiology labs which
were poorly organized, the very difficult anatomy practical, and the convoluted lab manuals. The course
would improve if there was better organization of the labs, a better lab facility with modern equipment,
and a clearer lab manual. Many students felt like the labs could have been more effective if they were
followed up by lab-write-ups or questions which reviewed what they had learned. Prospective students
should know that this is a fun course which requires some background in neuroscience, and that they
should endeavor to study hard, especially for the anatomy practical.
AS.080.305.01
The Nervous System I
Stewart Hendry, Haiqing Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the extremely enthusiastic and vibrant professors who gave students
plenty of resources to help them understand the material. Professor Hendry especially went the extra
mile to help students understand neuroscience, and his lectures were extremely engaging. The worst
aspects of the course included the large amounts of content that students were required to know, as
well as the difficult course material and exams. The course would improve if the lecture notes that Dr.
Zhao presents were easier to follow because students found his lectures to be very inconsistent with his
notes and explanations. Prospective students should have a previous neuroscience background and be
aware that this course involves some very intense studying.
227
AS.080.307.01
Neurobiology of Addiction
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the small and interactive class format where students got to explore
neuroscience through group research and discussion. The worst aspect of the course was the vague
guidelines for the tedious summary slide assignments. The course would improve if students were
provided with more detailed instructions and guidelines for their assignments, summary slides, and
projects. The course would also improve if the amount of assigned readings were slightly reduced.
Prospective students should know that this is a very interactive course where they will do lots of
independent research and group work. The class involves no exams or test, but still requires a
substantial amount of effort.
AS.080.308.01
Neuroeconomics
Jason Trageser
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the stimulating and applicable topics, as well as the professor's
straightforward and enthusiastic teaching method. The worst aspect of the course was the papers as
many students felt they were kind of thrown into the course and not well thought out. Also, the exams
were somewhat difficult and were not preceded by any review sessions. The course would improve if
the written papers were eliminated and if students were given practice exams or review sessions to help
them prepare for the exams. Prospective students should ensure they keep up with all the readings and
lectures in this course that is sure to give them another exciting perspective on neuroscience.
AS.080.310.01
Synaptic Function and Plasticity
Alfredo Kirkwood, Hey-Kyoung Lee
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject material and instructors who showed lots
of passion for the topic. The worst aspect of the course was the ambiguous test questions. Students also
found some of the lectures unclear. The course would be improved if students had more quizzes to test
their knowledge of the subject as they were learning it. Prospective students should be prepared for an
incredible and straightforward neuroscience course that will teach them about synaptic function and
plasticity.
AS.080.324.01
Neuroscience Journal Club
228
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exposure to diverse neuroscience papers and discussing
research in a casual classroom setting. However, students often found the assigned readings confusing.
The course would be improved by reviewing the articles more in-depth with the students. It would also
improve if the students had more examples and guidelines of good presentations to model after.
Prospective students should know that this course offers a view into the world of research papers and
students will be asked to present their own papers at some point during the course.
AS.080.333.01
Writing About the Nervous System
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging and interactive learning about cutting edge
neuroscience topics. The worst aspect of this course was the delay in receiving feedback on
assignments. The course would improve if students received continuous and timely feedback on their
writing assignments. Prospective students should know that this fun course assumes the student has a
good understanding of the nervous system, and that it helps improve their writing. Students who do the
readings and effectively engage themselves in the class discussions are sure to be successful in this
course.
AS.080.345.01
Great Discoveries in Neuroscience
Jay Baraban
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging lectures, articles, and class discussions which gave
students a good overview of neuroscience. Students were exposed to a wide range of research and were
encouraged to ask questions during class. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of structure, as it
made the class disorganized at times. Students also rarely knew where they stood in the class, as the
grading system was very vague. The course would improve if it offered a clearer grading system and
more coverage of different neuroscience topics. Prospective students should know that this course is
very straightforward and an easy way to learn about neuroscience. Students who want to be successful
should endeavor to stay on top of the readings.
AS.080.355.01
Visual System
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the class: 4.85
229
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging and enjoyable class lectures which covered a wide
range of topics. The professor was extremely passionate and presented the course material in an easy
straightforward way. Students found some lectures difficult to understand, especially on topics like
historical debates. The course would improve if students received more assistive resources like video
podcasts and exam reviews in order to help them with the content. Prospective students should know
that this course involves a substantial amount of reading each week and is very fast paced. Students
should have some neuroscience background and should attend class regularly in order to perform well
on the relatively fair exams.
AS.080.360.01
Diseases & Disorders of the Nervous System
Stewart Hendry, Guy Mckhann
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the renowned guest lecturers and top researchers who enlightened
students about intriguing neuroscience topics. The worst aspects of the course were the exams, which
didn't always match the lecture content, and that many of the guest lectures were too advanced for the
students. The course would improve if the lectures were more thorough and specific to content
students had to know in this class. It would also improve if students were provided with the lecture
notes or podcasts. Prospective students should know that this is a worthwhile course that offers
students a great opportunity to learn from top leaders in their field and it only involves three exams.
AS.080.401.01-02
Research Practicum: KEEN (Kids Enjoying Exercise Now)
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
Students enjoyed working with children and learning about different kinds of disabilities. The worst
aspect of the course was the long drive to the centers where the sessions took place. The class had to
travel over one hour every Sunday to their assignment location. The course would improve if there were
closer locations for students to work with the children. Prospective students should know that this
course takes place on Sunday and is an extremely rewarding experience that teaches them about
children who are affected by neurological disorders.
AS.080.402.04
Teaching Practicum: Making Neuroscience Fun (MNF)
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
230
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
PHILOSOPHY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.150.112.01-06
Philosophical Problems
Steven Gross
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the diverse philosophical subjects students got to explore through
well-organized debates, discussions and class lectures. Students also found the sessions with the
teaching assistants extremely helpful. The worst aspects of this course included the dull lectures, the
long readings, and the vague essay expectations. The course would be improved if the lectures were
clearer and more engaging. Prospective students should know that this is a very interesting introductory
philosophy course that does require reading and a little thinking outside the box.
AS.150.113.01
Objectivity
Nicholas Goldberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fascinating course material and interesting class discussions.
The worst aspects of this course were the long, tedious readings, and the lengthy class time. The course
would improve if more time was allotted for the discussion portion of the class. It would also improve if
there was more review on the course content and assigned readings. Prospective students should know
that this is a straightforward philosophy course with lots of readings and interesting topics.
AS.150.119.01
Existentialism
Giorgi Lebanidze
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
231
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class discussions and thought provoking concepts. The
worst aspect of the course was the difficult and dense reading content. The philosophers that were
discussed in this course were often difficult for students to understand and the professor didn't always
provide clear interpretations of their ideas. The course would improve if the lectures were better
structured to include more focused discussions and in-depth analysis of certain philosophers.
Prospective students should be prepared to have their thoughts engaged in this reading-intensive
philosophy course.
AS.150.126.01
Relativism
Nicholas Tebben
Overall quality of the class: 3.43
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the interactive class discussions that exposed students to a wide
range of philosophers and theories. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy assigned
readings and the often lecture-based class periods as students believed that the course was meant to be
more of a seminar type course. The course would improve if it was more discussion based and perhaps if
it incorporated more effective readings. Prospective students should know that this is a good
introductory course to philosophy which will expose them to a new level of thinking. Some concepts
may be more challenging than others, but as long as the students do the essays and engage themselves
in the class discussions, they will be successful.
AS.150.191.01
Freshman Seminar: Ethical Topics in Plato
L Nandi Theunissen
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the intellectually stimulating class discussions on new philosophical
concepts. The course challenged students to a different kind of reasoning through a fun professor. The
worst aspects of the course included the large amounts of reading and the tendency of the class to
become more lecture than discussion based. The course would improve if the structure was more
discussion based and the overall class set-up was conducive to a discussion seminar. Prospective
students should know that this is a critical thinking course which feeds off of the class discussions.
AS.150.201.01-04
Intro to Greek Philosophy
Richard Bett
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor's clear and well-structured lectures. The professor
thoroughly explained the different philosophical theories and made sure the students followed along
232
and understood the content. The worst aspects of the course included the hefty readings and dull
lecture style. The course would be improved if the lectures were more interactive and included more
class discussions. Prospective students should know that this course will give them a good overview of
Greek philosophy, and as long as they do all the readings, and take notes during lectures, they will be
successful in doing the mandatory essays and other related assignments.
AS.150.219.01-14
Intro to Bioethics
Hilary Bok
Overall quality of the class: 3.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the exciting reading assignments, thought-provoking
discussions, and controversial topics. Students were challenged in their way of thinking and exposed to
different scenarios that were relevant to the real world. The worst aspect of this course was the class
lectures, which students found dull. The professor often went off topic and was unable to engage all the
students during lectures. The course would improve if the lectures had more structure and more
interactive materials to keep students engaged. Prospective students should know that while this course
is somewhat reading and writing intensive, it will expose them to issues in bioethics that can be useful in
the future, especially for students going into medicine.
AS.150.304.01
The Ethics and History of Human Experimentation
Daniel O'Connor
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the active class discussions, interesting readings, and the extremely
engaging professor. The worst aspects of this course included the heavy readings and tough assignment
grading. The course would improve if the readings were condensed to facilitate more discussions on the
subject material. Prospective students should know that this is a fun class with lots of intriguing
material. In order to be successful, students must participate in class and do lots of reading.
AS.150.433.01
Philos/Space & Time
Robert Rynasiewicz
Overall quality of the class: 2.50
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the open forum classroom style by which different and interesting
philosophies were discussed. The worst aspect of this course was the overwhelming subject material
that was difficult to understand. The readings were dense and the students had a difficult time
understanding some of the topics. The course would improve if the class lectures were more engaging
and lively. Prospective students should know that this course is very light on the workload, but the
topics need to be studied attentively outside the classroom.
233
AS.150.454.01
The Value of Humanity
L Nandi Theunissen
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the well-directed class discussions, the interesting reading
materials, and the well-mannered professor who made the course enjoyable. The worst aspects of this
course were the excessive readings and the lack of participation from all students in class discussions.
The course could improve if the discussion questions were more grounded so as to facilitate better
discussion amongst students. It would also improve if the readings were reduced and the class sessions
focused more in-depth on the different subject matter. Prospective students should know that this is an
accessible philosophy course that involves lots of reading and is open both to graduate and
undergraduate students.
AS.150.492.01
Spinoza and Medieval Jewish Philosophy
John Brandau
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting subject material and lectures about philosophers
like Spinoza. The professor was supportive, enthusiastic, and always provided students with good
feedback on their work. However, class sessions were often slow and dull. Students found the class very
satisfactory even though they recommended more consistent readings and a bigger classroom.
Prospective students should know that this course involves lengthy readings and weekly responses.
AS.150.493.01
Introduction to Scientific Methods
Peter Achinstein
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students enjoyed the small and engaging class atmosphere where students were able to discuss the
material. The professor was very knowledgeable and showed a genuine interest in student
development. The worst aspects of the course included the timed assessments and the limited number
of assignments available for grading. The course would improve if the exams and assessments covered
less material so that students could deal more in-depth with the content. This is a very interesting
course with enough readings and assessments to give students a better understanding of scientific
methods.
234
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.171.101.01-16
Gen Physics: Phys Sci Maj I
Bruce Barnett
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class curve, as well as the highly entertaining and engaging
professor who was effectively able to teach the course content with accompanying demonstrations. The
worst aspects of the course included the difficult exams, complicated homework assignments, and
unhelpful section meetings with the teaching assistant. Students felt like there was disconnect between
the lectures, homework, and exams, in regards to their level of difficulty. The course would improve if
the example problems and homework assignments were closer to the level of difficulty in the exams.
Prospective students should be sure to always attend lectures, as the in-class clicker questions make up
a portion of their grade. While some previous background in physics is helpful, those who read their
textbooks, practice the problems, and take advantage of the extra help sessions are sure to be
successful in this course.
AS.171.102.01-05
General Physics II
Petar Maksimovic
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enthusiastic professor, who showed a genuine interest in his
students, and the demonstrations that helped students understand the course content. The professor
provided plenty of opportunities for students to be successful in the class, through extra credit
assignments and practice homework problems. The worst aspect of this course was the online WileyPlus
homework assignments, which were not a good reflection of how difficult the exams would be. Students
found the exams really difficult and many of the lectures unhelpful. The course would improve if the
professor explained the concepts more clearly and made the homework assignments more similar to the
235
exams. Prospective students should be aware that this course is challenging and they should make use
of all the resources available to them.
AS.171.103.01
General Physics I for Biological Science Majors
David Kaplan
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the extremely enthusiastic professor who gave engaging lectures and
demonstrations to help the students understand physics. Students found the professor's passion and
grading system to be instrumental to their success in the course. The worst aspects of the course
included the difficult tests and homework assignments, as they were not structured to help students
perform well on the exams. The course would improve if the students were given more homework
assignments and problems in line with the level of difficulty they encountered on exams. Prospective
students should do all their homework assignments diligently, engage themselves in every class lecture,
and allot plenty of time to prepare for the exams.
AS.171.105.01-02
Classical Mechanics I
Norman Armitage
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the wide range of physics topics covered in an interesting fashion. The
course dealt in-depth with some very intricate physics concepts that students found useful to their
various fields. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy homework assignments and tests,
which covered lots of material and were sometimes difficult. The course would improve if the lectures
were better structured with more in-class examples and interaction. Prospective students should be
prepared to spend some time with homework and problem sets in this intensive physics course. It is
necessary to have some calculus and physics background before taking this course.
AS.171.113.01
Subatomic World
Barry Blumenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the outgoing professor who effectively delivered the subject material
in an easy and understandable way. Students also liked the demonstrations and experiments. The worst
aspects of the course included the vague guidelines and expectations for the exams. The course would
improve if students had a clear outline of what they were expected to know, and perhaps more practice
problems to help them understand the content. Prospective students should take this highly
recommended class, as it is very informative to both science and non-science majors, even without
236
previous background knowledge. Students who want to be successful should take notes and take
advantage of all the lecture materials.
AS.171.201.01-02
Special Relativity/Waves
Nadia Zakamska
Overall quality of the class: 3.28
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the fascinating teachings on Special Relativity. The course challenged
students to understand and rationalize the subject material. The worst aspects of the course included
the fast pace in which students were made to learn the extremely difficult subject content, the
unfocused and intensive lectures, and the unhelpful, outdated textbooks. Students also found that the
homework assignments did not prepare them for the exams. The course would improve if students had
a better supporting textbook and more problems specific to the more difficult concepts. Prospective
students should know that this is a very challenging physics course that involves lots of intensive math
and complex concepts.
AS.171.301.01
Electromag Thry II
Chia Ling Chien
Overall quality of the class: 3.84
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the captivating lectures and interesting material that was delivered
by a very enthusiastic professor. Students found electromagnetism to be a very useful and applicable
topic. The worst aspects of this course included the large amounts of content that was crammed into
one short semester, as well as the difficult and time-consuming homework assignments. The course
could improve if the pace were slightly reduced and if the course covered less content. Students also
recommended more straightforward homework assignments that reflected what they learned in class.
Prospective students should know that the material in this course is tough and they should prepare to
allot plenty of time for homework and open-book exams.
AS.171.303.01
Quantum Mechanics I
Susan Kovesi-Domokos
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful textbook and the effective teaching assistant. The
worst aspects of the course included the redundant and dull lectures, as well as the lengthy homework
assignments and exams. The professor taught at a very fast pace and her lectures were not easy to
follow. The course would improve if the lectures were clearer and slower paced. The course would also
improve if the exams were more straightforward and if the students received more in-class practice
237
problems. Students are advised to pay close attention in class and keep up with the readings, as the
textbook does a good job of explaining the material.
AS.171.309.01
Wave Phenomena with Biophysical Application
Julian Krolik
Overall quality of the class: 3.28
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting and applicable course content, as well as the
supporting labs. The worst aspects of the course included the disorganized and hard to follow lectures,
as well as the long and unhelpful labs. Also, the homework assignments were tedious and did not
correlate well to the exams. The course would improve if students were provided with supplemental
notes or textbooks to guide them and if the labs were slightly reduced. Prospective students should
know that this course involves a lot of complex concepts and long weekly problem sets. Those who want
to be successful should be prepared to put in a lot of work in order to tackle this course.
AS.171.312.01
Stat Physics/Thermodyn
Tobias Marriage
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary
The best aspect of this course was the passionate and helpful professor who presented the course
content in a simple and straightforward manner. Students enjoyed the course material and found the
lectures very engaging. The worst aspects of this course included the textbook, which was very difficult
to understand, and the teaching assistant who students found unhelpful in reinforcing the course
content. The course would improve if there were a better textbook assigned to the class and if the
teaching assistant were more organized and effective. Prospective students should know that this is a
very interesting and somewhat challenging upper-level physics course, but those who put in the work
are sure to be successful.
AS.171.313.01
Intro To Stellar Physics
Rosemary Wyse
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.321.01
Introduction to Space Science and Technology
Henry Moos, Stephen Murray
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
238
Summary
The best aspects of this course included the field trip to the Goddard Space Center, the semester-long
project, and the fascinating subject material. Students found the entire course to be practical and
insightful to the real world of engineering. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of clarity in some
of the topics, as the professor didn't really go in-depth into many of them. The class was a bit
disorganized, which made projects and assignments difficult to complete. The course would improve if
there was more organization overall, so that the content and projects could be delivered more
effectively. Prospective students should be ready to participate in a group project that makes up a large
percentage of their grade.
AS.171.333.01
Planets, Life and the Universe
Colin Norman
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.171.405.01
Condensed Matter Phys
Nina Markovic
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.172.203.01
Contemporary Phys Sem
Bruce Barnett
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary
The best aspect of this course was the wide range of interesting physics topics that were covered in
class. Students had a light workload and were given the chance to explore new and different physics
topics of their choosing. The worst aspect of this course was the class structure; not much material was
covered and student presentations could not cover the content in-depth. The course would improve if
student presentations were more guided and if the professor did more lecturing or presenting in the
class. Prospective students should know that this is a simple and enjoyable one credit course that
physics enthusiasts are sure to enjoy.
AS.173.111.01-23
General Physics Lab I
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.12
Summary:
239
The best aspect of this course was the hands-on experiments that didn't come with any pre-lab or post-
lab assignments. Students completed all their experiments in class and did not have to do any work
outside of the classroom. The worst aspects of the course included the unclear lab guidelines, ineffective
teaching assistants, and lengthy labs that students often had a difficult time completing. The course
would improve if the students were provided with clearer lab instructions, effective teaching assistants
and more structured lab experiments, in order to prevent the experiments from being rushed and not
well-correlated with the subject matter. Prospective students should be prepared to use statistics and
Microsoft Excel in the lab. Those who want to be successful should read the labs beforehand and pace
themselves to complete them in the allotted three hours.
AS.173.112.01-05
General Physics Lab II
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the hands-on labs, which helped students visualize the concepts they
learned in class. The workload was very light, with no pre-lab or post lab assignments. The worst aspect
of the course was the lengthy and unguided lab experiments. Many students had a difficult time
understanding the lab concepts and felt that the lab did not adequately help them learn about physics.
The course would improve if the labs were more organized and guided for the students so that they
could grasp the content better. Prospective students should know that this is a fair and fun physics lab
that may seem time-consuming, but is very easy to maneuver through.
AS.173.115.01
Classical Mechanics Lab
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.35
Summary:
Students enjoyed the fun, hands-on labs that had no outside work. However, students felt the labs
became repetitive and lengthy. They had difficulty completing the labs, as a lot of their in-class
experiments were unguided and incohesive with the supplemental class material. The course would
improve if the labs were clearer and well-directed, so as to cut out the extra time students spent on data
manipulation and guess work. Prospective students should know that this course involves some use of
Microsoft Excel and statistics. The labs are somewhat lengthy, but students who make good use of class
time and complete the experiments will be successful.
240
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
POLTICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.190.101.01-05;08;12-13
Intro American Politics
Benjamin Ginsberg
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the class lectures, which included helpful stories and anecdotes. The
worst aspect of the course included the lack of correlation between the textbooks and the class lectures.
The professor also went off on tangents at times, and students were often unsure of what content
would be on the exams. The course would improve if the lectures were more focused and related to the
readings. Prospective students should take this light-weight course as it is a straightforward way to learn
about American politics and government today. Students who engage themselves in the readings and
class lectures are sure to be successful in this course.
AS.190.105.01
A Normal Country? - German Politics and Identity
Fabian Bauwens
Overall quality of the class: 3.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the assigned class texts, as well as the fascinating subject
material which took an in-depth look into the world of German politics and identity. The worst aspect of
this course was the heavy reading load. Students also found the professor inaccessible at times. The
course would improve if it had less reading and a more involved professor who made class meetings
more engaging and informative. Prospective students should know that this course involves a great deal
of reading and they will learn based on the amount of effort they put into the class.
AS.190.106.01
International Relations in East Asia
Hitomi Koyama
241
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the thought-provoking course content, assigned readings, and
the engaging professor. Students also enjoyed the rich class discussions. The worst aspects of this course
included the lengthy class time and the dense readings. The course would improve if the readings were
decreased, if there were more class discussion, and if the course could be spread throughout the week
instead of being one three-hour class. Prospective students stand to learn a lot about international
politics and East Asia, as long as they engage in the class lectures and discussions.
AS.190.206.01
Global Environmental Politics
Bentley Allan
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class discussions on a wide range of environmental issues
and politics, as well as the interesting readings. The professor effectively engaged the students in
interesting discussions on the readings. The worst aspect of the course was the extensive amount of
dense reading. The course would improve if the readings were reduced and more focused to help
students make sense of the content. Prospective students should know that this course touches on a lot
of the environmental issues affecting our world today and is somewhat reading-intensive. Students who
want to be successful in the course should endeavor to participate in class, do the readings, and
challenge themselves when writing essays.
AS.190.209.01-12
Contemp Int'l Politics
Steven David, Benjamin Meiches
Overall quality of the class: 4.66
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the insightful and organized lectures. The students found the lectures
easy to follow and enjoyed the informative class discussions. The worst aspect of the course was the
dense and difficult readings. The course would improve if the readings were reduced and more focused;
students also suggested having more feedback and guidelines on their midterm exams. Prospective
students should be aware that even though it's reading-intensive, this is a fascinating course on
contemporary international politics.
AS.190.282.01-02
Authority and Liberty (Classics of Political Thought III)
Jennifer Culbert
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
242
The best aspects of this course included the fascinating readings and the effective teachings from the
professor and teaching assistant. They were both passionate about the subject and were able to help
students gain a better understanding of theories and philosophers. The worst aspects of the course
included the somewhat dense readings and the disorganized class lectures. The course could be
improved if it were more structured and if students had more assignments or reviews to help them gain
a better understanding of the thinkers and theories discussed in class. Prospective students should be
prepared to do lots of exciting reading in this introductory political theory class.
AS.190.304.01
Constructivism: How Ideas Shape International Relations
Bentley Allan
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the enlightening discussions on theories and international relations.
Students were able to thoroughly express their views in the friendly atmosphere that the professor
created, as well as through research papers. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy
readings that were sometimes difficult to digest, as well as the time-consuming research papers. The
course would improve if the readings were slightly reduced and if the number of assigned research
papers were decreased. Prospective students should be prepared for thought provoking conversations
in this exciting class that is somewhat heavy on reading and writing.
AS.190.306.01
The Political Economy of European Union
Nicolas Jabko
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the informative lectures, the readings, and the professor's
enthusiasm. The worst aspects of the course included the challenging readings and the lack of
stimulating class discussions. The professor had a hard time facilitating good class discussions partially
because he assumed students had a much stronger background in the course content than they really
did. The course would improve if the readings were discussed more in-depth, and if a smaller amount of
material was covered in a more organized way that would help students understand the content.
Prospective students should know that this class involves a lot of readings and discussions. Even though
prior knowledge of the EU is not mandatory, some background knowledge would be helpful.
AS.190.332.01
Research Seminar: Great Constitutional Issues
Joel Grossman
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.190.337.01
243
The Constitution and the Criminal Justice System
Joel Grossman
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the fascinating lectures and course material. The professor was very
passionate about the subject matter and engaged the students with challenging and interesting
questions. The worst aspects of the course included the dense readings and the lengthy class period.
The class only involved only two exam grades, leaving little room for students to make error. The course
could improve if the students had more assignments throughout the semester and if the class time
could be restructured to help students stay focused in the lengthy class period. Prospective students
should know that this class will give them an overview of the criminal justice system.
AS.190.343.01;04
Nationalism
Michael Hanchard
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting subject material and the thought-provoking
readings. The worst aspect of the course was the hefty readings. The course could improve if the
readings were condensed and if the course itself had more structure. Students needed more
engagement with the text, which was hard because of the excessive amounts of reading that was
assigned. Prospective students should know that this course involves a lot of reading, but they will learn
so much in the class.
AS.190.344.01
Seminar in Anti-Semitism
Benjamin Ginsberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professor whose enthusiasm translated into engaging lectures.
The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class periods and student presentations. The
students also felt like the professor's teaching only provided a one-sided look at anti-semitism. The
course could improve if students received more feedback on their papers and presentations.
Prospective students should know that this is a great course that deals with a really interesting topic and
is light on the workload.
AS.190.387.01
Parties and Elections in America
Daniel Schlozman
Overall quality of the class: 3.19
244
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the interesting subject matter. The course topic was very relevant to
current events and the professor was able to go in-depth into the subject because he was very
knowledgeable. The worst aspects of the course included the professor's inability to relate and
effectively communicate with the students. The course was also very heavy on reading and writing. The
course could improve if the readings were significantly reduced and if the professor communicated
better with his students. Prospective students should know that this course is reading and writing
intensive.
AS.190.398.01
Politics of Good & Evil
William Connolly
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the stimulating class discussions and appropriate reading
selections. The worst aspects of the course included the few difficult readings and lack of feedback on
student presentations. The course would improve if students got a break in class to help them stay more
focused. Prospective students should have some background knowledge in political theory. The class has
a light workload and students who want to be successful should be open-minded in the class
discussions.
AS.190.405.01
Food Politics
Adam Sheingate
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the field trip and the class discussions. The professor was always
very knowledgeable and engaged students in lectures and discussions. The worst aspects of the course
included the less than exciting class discussions, lengthy class periods, and time-consuming assignments.
The course would improve if the lectures were more interactive to keep students alert in class, and if the
wiki assignments were restructured and reduced. Prospective students should know that this is a very
interesting political science course that is sure to change their way of thinking.
AS.190.409.01
Comp/Politics/Social Mov
Margaret Keck
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.190.414.01
America and the World
Daniel Deudney
245
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging class discussions and the assigned readings. The
professor presented fascinating material and always challenged students to contextualize what they
were reading. The worst aspects of the course were the hefty readings of over two-hundred pages per
week and the grading structure, which consisted of just class participation and one twenty-five page
paper. The course would improve if more assignments or papers were assigned throughout the course
so that grades would not be based solely on one paper. Prospective students should know that this
course involves lots of readings and that the professor will engage them in discussions based on those
readings.
AS.190.422.01-04
Republicanism
Daniel Deudney
Overall quality of the class: 4.76
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the brilliant professor, who gave riveting lectures and was extremely
passionate about the subject matter. Students found the readings and theories fascinating. The worst
aspect of this course was the exorbitant amount of weekly reading. The course would improve if the
readings were reduced and if the class could possibly be held year round. Prospective students should
definitely take this course because the tests are straightforward and the subject material is extremely
interesting. Those who want to be successful should pay attention in class and engage themselves in all
of the professor's lectures.
AS.191.202.01
War and Justice
Lauren Wilcox
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the knowledgeable professor, who engaged students in great class
discussions and was passionate about the subject material. The topics discussed in class were relevant
to the world today, making the class even more enjoyable for students. The worst aspects of this course
included the less than vibrant class discussions from students who did not want to actively participate in
the class, and the occasional hefty assigned readings. The course would improve if the class discussions
were more focused, and if more students actively participated in the class discussions. Prospective
students should know that this course will engage them in American politics and foreign policy.
AS.191.204.01
Chinese Foreign Policy
Pak Yue Leon
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
246
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging and thought provoking course material, in addition
to the class discussions. The worst aspect of the course was the class structure, which was heavily reliant
on class discussions. There were more discussions than lectures, which made the course somewhat un-
enjoyable for students, as the same students would often lead those discussions. The course would
improve if it incorporated more lecture material and if more students participated in the class
discussions. Prospective students should know that this course involves lots of writing. Although not
mandatory, some Chinese background would be helpful in the class.
AS.191.208.01
American Politics and its Discontents
Kellan Anfinson
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the interactive class discussions facilitated by a very knowledgeable
professor. The students found the course very interesting, as it included an array of topics and
enlightening class discussions. The worst aspects of the course included the dull readings and lack of
clarity on what the professor expected on assignments. The course would improve if clearer guidelines
were given for the assignments and if the readings were more developed and interesting. Prospective
students should know that this course is fun and exciting, but a little heavy on the readings.
AS.191.310.01
American Political Development
William Adler
Overall quality of the class: 3.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.311.01
The Public Life of Personal Narrative
Nathan Gies
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.312.01
Who Do We Think We Are?: The Politics of Being Human
Drew Walker
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
247
The best aspect of this course was its overall structure, as it included well-chosen topics, discussions and
debates. The professor knew the subject matter and was very good at facilitating discussions among
students. The worst aspect of the course was the readings, which many students found very challenging.
The course would improve if the students had some form of assistance for the difficult readings and if
the class time could be restructured, because students found the three-hour class period very lengthy.
Prospective students should know that this course is worth taking, but involves some difficult readings
and is heavily based on participation.
AS.191.335.01
Arab-Israeli Conflict (IR)
Robert Freedman
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the gripping lectures, in which the passionate professor always
addressed current events and correlated them with the course material. The discussions were
fascinating and the course topics were very enjoyable. The worst aspects of this course included the
large class size and the grading structure, which was made up of only one midterm and a paper. The
course would improve if more assignments were given out during the semester in order to give students
more grading opportunities. Prospective students should expect to do lots of reading in this very
enjoyable course that covers lots of current events in the Middle East.
AS.191.340.01
Education Politics in Urban America
Floyd Hayes
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enriching class discussions and the energetic professor. The
syllabus was well structured and detailed. The worst aspect of the course was the professor's off-topic
discussions with the class. The professor's ideas and thoughts often dominated the class and left no
room for other class activities. The course would improve if the thought papers were more guided and if
the class was more diverse in terms of the course material. Prospective students should be prepared to
do lots of reading and work in order to be successful in this course.
AS.191.345.01
Russian Foreign Policy (IR)
Robert Freedman
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the passionate and extremely knowledge professor. The professor
had deep knowledge of Russia and the Middle East, and was effectively able to translate that knowledge
into great lectures and class discussions. The worst aspects of the course included the drawn-out
lectures and the emphasis on certain historical subjects as opposed to others. The course could improve
248
if the lectures were spread-out through the week instead of having one long class period each week.
Prospective students should be prepared to do a lot of reading for this insightful class with a great
professor.
AS.191.353.01
Africa and American Foreign Policy
Isaac Kamola
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the enthusiastic professor who provided the class with an array of
readings, videos, and discussions on the subject. The class was well balanced and taught by an effective
and energetic professor. The worst aspects of the course included the dense and heavy readings, as well
as the lengthy class periods. The course would improve if the readings were more focused and if classes
included more discussion. Prospective students are encouraged to do the readings and participate in the
class discussions in order to get a fulfilling experience from the course.
AS.191.370.01
Theories of International Political Economy
Isaac Kamola
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting and relevant readings as well as the organized
lectures that provided an insightful look into political economy. The worst aspect of the course was the
considerable amount of tedious reading. The course would improve if the more complex readings were
discussed more thoroughly and if the writing assignments were better correlated with the course
content. Prospective students should engage themselves in the readings in order to facilitate good class
discussion in the light-weight theory-based course.
AS.191.375.01
Thinking Organizationally about Politics
Steven Teles
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.376.01
Public Policy Writing
Kathryn Wagner Hill
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
249
AS.191.379.01
Thinking Strategically
Karl Mueller
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.382.01
Thinking Economically
Paul Dockins
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.384.01
Thinking Legally
Michael Greve
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.388.01
Ethnic Politics
Soundarya Chidambaram
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.191.389.01
Comparative Political Philosophy
Stuart Gray
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the class format in which students got to openly discuss their views
on the course subject. The professor showed enthusiasm for the course material and made the content
understandable and realistic. The worst aspect of this course was the somewhat hefty readings. The
course would improve if the readings were more focused so as to allow a deeper analysis of some of the
content. Prospective students should know that this is a great course on political theories that has a
fairly light workload.
AS.191.390.01
Terrorism and Counterterrorism
250
Max Abrahms
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the active class discussions, engaging readings, and incredibly
knowledgeable professor. Students learned about topics like nuclear terrorism in an interactive and
conversational class setting. The worst aspect of the course was the excessive and lengthy readings
students had to complete on a weekly basis. The course would improve if the readings were slightly
reduced and more structured to specific content so as to effectively engage all students. Prospective
students should prepare to be engaged in this theoretical and discussion based course that involves lots
of readings.
AS.191.402.01
Numbers, Pictures, Politics
Mark Rom
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
251
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATION DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.661.110.01-02
Professional Communication for Science, Business & Industry
Donald McNeilly
Overall quality of the class: 3.39
Summary:
Students enjoyed the interactive and engaging class sessions where they learned helpful writing and
communication tips. The professor was very humorous and also made an attempt to learn everyone's
names. The worst aspect of the course was the disorganized class structure where both professor and
students often went off topic. The course would improve if the professor were more organized and if
there were more practice exercises. Prospective students should know that the course is fairly easy and
the work is light.
EN.661.110.03
Professional Communication for Science, Business & Industry
Nora Frenkiel
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class presentations and the hands-on tools students learned
for professional communication. The worst aspect of the course was the dull and inactive class sessions.
There was not a lot of work done in class and the discussions often lagged. The course would improve if
there were more class activities to make the class more interesting. Prospective students should know
that this course involves some presentations and a good amount of writing.
EN.661.110.04
Professional Communication for Science, Business & Industry
Christopher Thacker
Overall quality of the class: 2.67
252
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the applicable course content students learned. The worst aspect of
the course was the vague and repetitive lectures. The professor was disorganized and it reflected in
what students didn't learn. The course would improve if the professor were more organized, and
structured the class with more content so that the students wouldn't be learning the same things over
and over. Prospective students should know that this class is work-heavy, but they will learn useful skills.
EN.661.110.05
Professional Communication for Science, Business & Industry
Jason Heiserman
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the class discussions, engaging lectures, and in-class
presentations. The professor was very helpful and students learned various communication styles which
will be of great benefit in the future. The worst aspect of the course was the repetitive and unfocused
assignments. The course could improve if the assignments were more related to the class and if students
had one longer presentation, opposed to many shorter presentations. Prospective students should be
prepared for lots of presentations in this very practical communications course.
EN.661.110.06
Professional Communication for Science, Business & Industry
Caroline Wilkins
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the lively and engaging professor who made the class sessions
interesting. Students learned some helpful writing skills and improved their own writing through this
class. The worst aspect of this course was the lack of timely feedback on assignments, because students
didn't know the areas where they needed to improve. The course would improve if the students
received quicker feedback on their assignments. Prospective students should know that this course is
somewhat writing-intensive, but they will learn a lot as long as they do the work and participate in class.
EN.661.110.07
Professional Communication for Science, Business & Industry
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the wide range of topics covered regarding professional
communications. The students learned different writing styles and many felt like the course helped
them improve their writing. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy workload and
assignments that were due back to back. The course would improve if the amount of work assigned was
reduced and better organized. Prospective students should know that this course is writing-intensive,
but will really help them improve on their writing and communication skills.
253
EN.661.110.08
Professional Communication for Science, Business & Industry
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lessons and useful skills that students learned in this class.
The material taught in class was relevant to the workplace and other aspects of life as well. The worst
aspect of the course was the somewhat dry and simple material. The professor could have structured
the course better and could have been stricter with the group projects. The course could improve if it
included more exercises and in-class activities to engage students. Prospective students should know
that course will teach them how to present better and perform well in diverse job settings.
EN.661.111.01
Professional Communication for ESL Students
Laura Davis
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the amount of speaking practice students got through oral
presentations and lectures. The things learned in this class were practical and also applicable for
students in all fields. The worst aspects of this course included the excessive handouts and somewhat
unnecessary grammar exercises. The course would improve if students received more critical feedback
from the professor and if more time was spent learning the APA format. Prospective students should
know that this is a great course which they will find useful in preparation for jobs and other aspects of
their lives.
EN.661.150.01-02
Oral Presentations
Kevin Dungey
Overall quality of the class: 4.74
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor, who showed genuine interest in his students and
helped them improve their presentation skills. Students found the course to be very useful and the skills
were applicable to real life. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class times, and the
weekly presentations, which required a lot of preparation. The course would improve if the students
could receive quicker feedback on their presentations. Prospective students should know that they will
find the course enjoyable and helpful in improving their presentation skills.
EN.661.150.03
Oral Presentations
Julie Reiser
254
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the weekly public speaking practice. Their presentations were also
recorded, which allowed students to see where they needed improvement. The worst aspects of the
course included the workload and the tough grading system. The course would improve if it included
more opportunities for practice in the form of activities. Prospective students should know that this
class requires lots of presentations that will take time to prepare, but it will benefit their presentation
skills.
EN.661.150.04
Oral Presentations
Christopher Thacker
Overall quality of the class: 2.85
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the practice it gave students with presenting. Students gained useful
speaking skills through weekly presentations that were recorded and later reviewed for improvement
purposes. The worst aspect of the course was the arbitrary and harsh grading students received from
the professor. The course would improve if students were allowed to branch out from the PowerPoint
presentation system and use other tools to do their class presentations. The course would also improve
if the Lore program were removed entirely from the class. Prospective students should know that this is
a heavy course that involves a lot of weekly assignments.
EN.661.150.05
Oral Presentations
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 4.92
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the constructive and supportive environment in which the students
got to do weekly presentations. The presentations gave students practice and feedback on their
speaking. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of consistency in the presentations, as well
as the ill-structured class time where students occasionally ran out of time to present. The course would
be improved by better time management. Prospective students should know that this is a useful class
and they will improve their public speaking if they put in a good effort.
EN.661.150.06
Oral Presentations
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the casual and fun atmosphere where students got to improve their
public speaking skills. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class periods and dull
255
reading assignments. The course would improve if the students had more choices for presentation
topics. Prospective students should know that this class involves a hefty amount of reading. Other
students recommended this course as it is sure to help improve individual presentation skills.
EN.661.150.07-08
Oral Presentations
Andrew Kulanko
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interactive class sessions and the weekly speeches, which gave
students good practice. Students received immediate constructive feedback on how to improve their
presentations. The worst aspects of the course included the quizzes, which some students found tricky
and sometimes irrelevant to what they were learning. The course would improve if the quizzes were
more guided and came with review sessions beforehand. Prospective students should know that this
course will teach them useful information on how to improve their public speaking and as long as they
make an effort they will see improvement.
EN.661.315.01
The Culture of the Engineering Profession
Donna Crane
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the open class discussion setting, as well as the helpful writing
lessons. The worst aspect of the course was the ambiguous and dull writing prompts. Students also had
a lot of writing to do and the feedback on the assignments was often not prompt. The course would
improve if the writing load was lighter and more specific to the engineering field. Prospective students
should know that this course involves lots of work, is writing focused, and will help them improve their
presentation skills.
EN.661.317.01
The Culture of the Medical Profession
Eric Rice, Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting readings and class discussions. The worst aspect of
the course was the vague and ambiguous assignments that didn't really clarify for the students what
was expected of them. The course could improve if it incorporated opinions and information from actual
medical professionals, and if students had a clear understanding of what was expected from them.
Prospective students should know that this course involves group presentations and discussions that will
overall contribute to improving the students writing skills.
256
EN.661.357.01
Copywriting & Creative Strategy
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.453.01
Social Media and Marketing
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the applicable course content and interactive course materials.
The worst aspects of the course included the excessive writing and lack of guidance on the assignments.
Students also found the textbook dry and unhelpful. The course would be improved by clearer
instructions and guidelines for the assignments. Prospective students should know that this is an
interesting course, and the information learned will be very useful to them in the future.
EN.661.610.01
Research Writing for ESL
Denise Link-Farajali
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the enthusiastic professor and useful research writing tips
students learned. The professor was extremely helpful and provided detailed feedback to help students
improve their work. The worst aspects of this course included the stuffy classroom and irrelevant
presentations. The course would improve if the students were provided with a better room and more
assistance with the homework assignments. Prospective students will find this course useful in
improving their writing skills.
EN.661.612.01
Professional Communication for ESL: Financial Math
Laura Davis
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.612.02
Professional Communication for ESL: Financial Math
Denise Link-Farajali
257
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.710.01
Dissertation Writing Workshop
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the readings, the guest speakers, and the small, supportive
community in which students were able to improve their writing. The worst aspects of the course
included the off-topic class discussions and unhelpful workshop sessions. The course would improve if
the workshops were restructured and the time was better managed between the speakers. It would also
improve if more time was spent going over writing strategies and the readings. Prospective students
should know that this course offers great support to students writing their dissertation.
258
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
PSYCHOLOGICAL AND BRAIN SCIENCES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.200.101.01
Intro to Psychology
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the wide range of psychology topics students learned in the
straightforward lectures. The professor was engaging and provided students with lots of examples to
help them understand the content. The worst aspects of the course included the large class size and the
grading system that was composed of just four exams. The course would have improved if students had
more opportunities to boost their grades in the class and if the class were somehow smaller. Those who
want to be successful in this course should attend class regularly because much of the exam material
comes from lecture notes.
AS.200.132.01
Intro Developmental Psych
Lisa Feigenson
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the fascinating course material that was presented by a very
compelling professor. The professor was knowledgeable about developmental psychology and gave
inspiring and entertaining lectures. The worst aspects of the course included the difficult papers that
were at times graded subjectively and the exams, which many students found difficult. The course
would improve if students had some form of exam review or study guide to help them on their exams
and if the papers were not graded so harshly. Prospective students should know that this is a very
manageable psychology class and as long as they attend all lectures and keep up with the readings, they
will be successful.
AS.200.141.01
Foundations of Brain, Behavior and Cognition
259
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the engaging and interactive lectures that were delivered by an
energetic professor. Students enjoyed the course material and were able to retain much of the
information through supporting course materials, like podcasts, online notes, and videos. The worst
aspect of the course was the difficult material that was presented in class. The professor also spoke
extremely fast and made it hard for students to keep up. The course would improve if the professor
could slow down while teaching and if more time could be spent on each topic. Prospective students
should endeavor to attend all lectures and take advantage of all the course materials to help them
perform well on the four exams.
AS.200.159.01
Evolutionary Psychology
Howard Egeth
Overall quality of the class: 3.45
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the discussion-based seminar setting and the captivating subject
material. The worst aspect of the course was the professor's incessant lectures which cut into the
discussion times more often than not. Students also found the supplemental reading material dull and
repetitive. The course would improve if the students had more opportunities to engage in discussions as
opposed to having the professor lecture the entire time. The course would also improve if more
supplemental material like articles and interactive activities were provided. Prospective students should
know that this basic psychology course requires them to do some outside readings and only involves
three short quizzes.
AS.200.204.01-02
Human Sexuality
Chris Kraft
Overall quality of the class: 4.87
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the informative and interesting course content. The professor made
the class enjoyable and easy to follow. The worst aspects of the course included the amount of writing
that students had to do and the lack of feedback on their writing assignments. The course would
improve if there were more class discussions and if the class could be split into two shorter class periods
during the week. Prospective students should know that this is a fun course that will explore human
sexuality, and they should be open minded in order to fully enjoy it.
AS.200.207.01-05
Research Methods in Experimental Psychology
Michael Yassa
260
Overall quality of the class: 3.41
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the overall course structure, which allowed students to design and
carry out their own personal research projects. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of
organization and the ever changing syllabus, which made the course very demanding and inconvenient.
Overall, students found the pace of the course to be very rushed and did not receive much help from the
teaching assistants. The course could improve if the students had more guidance on their research
projects and if the lectures were more focused on content that was relevant to student research.
Prospective students should know that this course involves lots of work and assumes a previous
background in statistics.
AS.200.212.01
Abnormal Psychology
Aaron Noonberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.02
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the entertaining and engaging professor. He drew on his vast
knowledge of abnormal psychology and included personal stories in his lectures. The worst aspect of the
course was the difficult and sometimes ambiguous multiple choice exams that determined student
grades. The course could improve if the exam questions were reevaluated to match what students were
learning in class lectures and if students got some kind of outline or review before the exams. It would
also help if students had more, supporting material like lecture notes. Prospective students should know
that the class is entertaining and they just need to keep up with the readings to perform well in the
course.
AS.200.222.01
Positive Psychology
Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 4.49
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the interactive class sessions where students learned applicable
material through their extremely engaging professor. The professor showed genuine interest in the
students and the subject material, which made the course very enjoyable. The worst aspects of the
course were the hefty weekly reading and writing assignments. The course would improve if there was a
little less reading, more instruction on the assignments, and more organization for the class in its
entirety. Prospective students should be prepared to do some readings and always endeavor to attend
the enjoyable lectures.
AS.200.309.01
Evolutionary Mechanisms of Human Behavior
Herbert Petri
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
261
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting subject material and the lively professor who
was passionate about the material. The worst aspect of this course was the lengthy class lectures. The
course could be improved if the class were spread throughout the week. It could also improve if it were
structured with a little more direction and class discussions to keep the students engaged in the
lectures. Prospective students should know that this is a fair course with very enjoyable content, and the
tests are relatively easy. Students who study their lecture notes and complete all the assigned readings
will be successful in this course.
AS.200.312.01
Imaging the Human Mind
Susan Courtney-Faruqee
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the relaxed class setting where students got to discuss
experimental design and work on their own experimental design project. The worst aspect of the course
was the class lectures, which students often found dull. The course would improve if the course work
was more spread out through the semester and if each class topic was more focused. Students would
have also liked more hands-on and interactive approaches to learning the material. Prospective students
should know that there is a substantial amount of writing required in this course, but they will learn a lot
about neuroimaging.
AS.200.326.01
Law, Psychology and Public Policy
Paul Hofer
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the class sessions that were filled with thought-provoking discussions
on a wide range of current political policies. Students enjoyed the debates and engaging lectures. The
worst aspects of this course included the lack of feedback on student papers and the unclear guidelines
for the final project. The course could improve if students were provided with a rubric or clearer
guidelines for their class projects. Prospective students should know that the bulk of their grade in this
course is based on one project and one paper. In order to be successful, students should start on their
projects ahead of time and ensure they participate in class.
AS.200.328.01
Thry-Mthds/Clinical Psyc
David Edwin
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
262
The best aspect of this course was the weekly class lectures with a well-informed professor, who told
very interesting stories, and kept the class interactive. Students thought the course materials were well
organized and the assignments were very straightforward. The worst aspects of the course included the
lengthy class time and the long lectures, which were difficult to pay attention to. The course would
improve if the class could be split into two sessions instead of just one lengthy class period. Prospective
students should know that this is a great course to take because the material is stimulating and the
course is well structured, with only three short assignments.
AS.200.333.01
Adv Social Psychology
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the group discussions and interesting readings. The course
thoroughly touched on a wide range of social psychology issues. The worst aspects of the course
included the hefty and dense readings, as well as the heavily weighted assignments and class
participation. The course would improve if readings and class discussions were more focused so that the
students could engage themselves with the content better; also, it would be beneficial to incorporate
more graded assignments. Prospective students should know that this class involves weekly readings
and a heavily weighted paper, but is an enjoyable discussion-based course. Students who want to be
successful should not wait until the last minute to begin their final papers.
AS.200.344.01
Behavioral Endocrinology
Gregory Ball, Farrah Madison
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the stimulating lectures, fascinating course content, and
effective professors. The students felt that the professors really engaged them in the different topics
and taught the course well. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy coursework involving
lengthy readings, ambiguous tests, and homework assignments. Some of the lectures felt rushed and
disorganized, which left students with more content to learn on their own. The course would improve if
the lecture slides were more organized, if the workload was slightly reduced, and if the students had
more review examples to help them prepare for the exams. Prospective students should have some sort
of neuroscience background and be prepared to do lots of work in order to perform well in the course.
AS.200.359.01
The Psychology of Financial Crisis
Lawrence Raifman
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
263
The best aspect of this course was the energetic professor who did a good job of engaging students in
lectures about relevant and current topics. The worst aspect of the course was the disorganized
lectures, where the professor would sometimes go off on tangents. There was also a lack of balance
between the two topics taught in class, with economics being the dominant topic of discussion. The
course would improve if there were more structure in the assignments, lectures, and tests. The
professor should also try to incorporate as much psychology as he does economics. Prospective students
should know that this course offers detailed insight into financial crisis and economics with very little
psychology incorporated.
AS.200.376.01
Psychopharmacology
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the fun and fascinating psychopharmacology content. The professor
gave engaging lectures and kept the students interested with things like student interaction. The worst
aspect of the course was the lengthy, vague, and somewhat difficult exams. The course would improve if
the exams were shortened, if the students had more guidance on what to study for, and if the lecture
materials were more organized. Prospective students should know that some neuroscience background
will be helpful to them in this class and they should set aside some extra study time for the four exams.
AS.200.386.01
Animal Cognition
Peter Holland
Overall quality of the class: 4.24
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the easy to follow lectures by a very intelligent and enthusiastic
professor. Students found the material on animal cognition very fascinating and were easily able to
grasp the material through the helpful PowerPoint slides. The worst aspects of the course included the
dense and sometimes heavy readings, as well as the professor's fast lectures, and the lack of
assignments to make up students grades. The course would improve if the lectures went at a slower
pace and if the students had more study guides for the exams which made up all of their grades.
Prospective students should know that this course covers a lot of material and while not mandatory,
some previous background on animal behavior or cognitive psychology would be helpful. Students who
want to be successful in the course should attend class regularly and plan on studying diligently.
AS.200.401.01
Careers in Psychology  Freshman
Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 3.55
Summary:
264
The best aspect of the course was the diverse guest speakers who gave the students insight into the
world of psychology. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of interaction. Students also found the
evening class time very inconvenient and class was often cancelled. The course would be improved if the
speakers interacted more with the students and if the class were more organized. Prospective students
should know that this is an easy one-credit course for those who have an interest in psychology and are
interested in learning about career paths in the field.
AS.200.402.01
Careers in Psychology - Sophomore
Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 3.38
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting guest speakers and the insightful information
about careers in psychology. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of organization and
seemingly unprepared professor. Classes were cancelled from time to time and the professor was bad at
communicating with the students. The course would improve if it were properly organized. Prospective
students should know that this class requires a minimal amount of work and should be helpful to
students who are still trying to decide what to pursue in the psychology field.
AS.200.403.01
Careers in Psychology  Juniors
Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 3.38
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the easy class structure where the students just came to class and
learned about different careers in the field of psychology from different guest speakers. The worst
aspect of the course was the disorganized lectures with often inefficient speakers. Class was also
cancelled several times without any advanced notice. The course would improve if the instructor was
more organized and communicated better to students about assignments and last minute class
cancellations. Prospective students should know that this is an insightful and easy course that is mostly
based on attendance.
AS.200.404.01
Careers in Psychology  Seniors
Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 2.83
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the variety of guest speakers who shared their knowledge about their
respective psychology fields. The worst aspects of the course were the lack of organization and order.
The professor was inaccessible and did not regularly update students on their assignments, which
caused lots of confusion. The course would improve if the class had more structure and if the professor
265
communicated more often with students. Prospective students should know that this is a very
manageable course for those interested in seeking a career in psychology.
266
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
PUBLIC HEALTH STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.280.100.01
Public Health in Film and Media
James Goodyear, Mieka Smart
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the opportunity for students to learn about public health through a
variety of films. The class atmosphere was very relaxed and students were able to have insightful
discussions about the films and public health topics. The worst aspects of this course included the
lengthy class periods, the Friday afternoon class meeting time, and occasional dull movie selections. The
course would improve if the class could be moved to another day instead of Friday, and if the students
engaged themselves in the discussions more. Prospective students should know that this is a great
introductory course to the public health field and they will enjoy the fun, light class structure.
AS.280.115.01
Issues in Public Health Ethics
Jonathon Leider
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the meaningful discussions, debates, and thought-provoking
readings. The worst aspect of the course was the sometimes dull and challenging readings. The course
would improve if the readings were more guided and were slightly reduced. The course would also
improve if the debates were more guided and focused. Prospective students should be prepared to keep
up with the lengthy readings and try to participate as much as they can in class.
AS.280.215.01
Understanding Behavior Change: Theory and Application
Lisa Folda
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
267
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the team-oriented semester long campaign, exciting class
discussions, and field trips. Students learned useful information and got hands-on insight into behavior
change. The worst aspects of the course included the substantial amount of work the campaign involved
and the many limitations that came with it. Students felt like they didn't have much time to plan and
implement their campaigns. The course could improve if the students were given more time to work on
their campaigns. Prospective students should know that this is a great public health course which will
give them relevant insight into behavior change.
AS.280.220.01-02
Baltimore and The Wire: A focus on major urban
Peter Beilenson
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the expert guest speakers and the opportunities to actually go
out and experience Baltimore. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of correlation between the
lectures and assigned papers. Students would have liked to hear more from unbiased speakers, and they
would have liked the class to tie in a little of the hit show "The Wire," which was solely about Baltimore.
The course would also improve if there were more conservative perspectives on the topics they
discussed in class. Prospective students should know that this class does not dwell much on the actual
show, but is extremely rewarding and light on the workload.
AS.280.311.01
Math, Money and the Mind: Controversies in Medical Decision Making
Alison Turnbull
Overall quality of the class: 4.90
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the weekly readings and enriching class discussions. The worst
aspect of the course was the unfocused and repetitive class discussions. The course would improve if
the quizzes were due on a more convenient date. The course would also improve if there could be more
interactive materials like debates, presentations, and maybe video documentaries. Prospective students
should know that this class is really interesting and they will enjoy every aspect of it.
AS.280.318.01-02
Food, Nutrition, and Public Health
Seung Hee Lee
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the guest lecturers and the community-like classroom
atmosphere, where students got to discuss amongst each other. The professor suggested great optional
field trips within Baltimore and encouraged discussion. The worst aspects of the course included the
268
lengthy class time and lack of organization on the professor's part, as she was unable to engage the class
in some lectures and often read from PowerPoint slides. The course would be improved if it went at a
slower pace and dealt with more focused course material. It would also improve if the field trips were
mandatory. Prospective students should know that they will learn a lot in this informative class that
assumes no previous background in public health.
AS.280.335.01
The Environment and Your Health
Michael Trush
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting course material and guest lectures. The worst
aspects of the course included the monotonous and repetitive lectures, large class size, and confusing
exams. The course could improve if there was more interaction and discussion in class. It would also
improve if the lectures focused more on the things that would be covered on the exams and if students
had practice exams or reviews. Prospective students should study meticulously for the exams, do the
readings, and attend lectures as they will find many of the speakers very interesting.
AS.280.345.01-08
Public Health Biostats
Margaret Taub, Scott Zeger
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting material, pre-class lecture videos, and the ability
to apply the course content to real life situations. Also, the professors and teaching assistants were
always available to help students with concepts they did not understand. The worst aspects of the
course included the scattered and often difficult to understand lectures, as they seldom assisted
students in doing the homework and exams. The course would improve if the meetings were more
focused and organized, and if there were more practice problems to help students with the material.
Prospective students should know that this course requires a big time commitment outside of class and
can be challenging. Those students who want to be successful should not wait until the last minute to
work on their projects as they require lots of attention.
AS.280.346.01
Advanced Biostats Lab
Margaret Taub, Scott Zeger
Overall quality of the class: 3.58
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the whole learning experience by which students gained useful skills.
The worst aspect of the course was its non-traditional setup, where not much lecture was given and
students had to teach themselves the programming. Students also felt that the section meetings were
not effective in helping them with the difficult content. The course would improve if the students had
269
more teaching sessions to help them learn the program, along with more effective teaching assistants.
Prospective students should know that this course involves a lot of independent work, but it is worth
taking because the skills learned will be very useful. While not necessary, some previous programming
background will help students ease through the course.
AS.280.350.01-02
Fundamentals of Epidemiology
Allyn Arnold, Darcy Phelan
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the steady pace in which the course material was presented to the
students through a very helpful and enthusiastic professor. The professor relayed the course content in
a clear and engaging way that was easy for students to follow. The worst aspects of the course included
the lengthy class time which caused the lectures to drag on, and the lack of timely feedback on
assignments. The course would improve if there were more assignments and practice problems.
Prospective students should know that the course is a very basic epidemiology course and that those
who attend lecture regularly will be successful.
AS.280.399.01
Community Based Learning - Practicum Community Health Care
Lee Bone, James Goodyear
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the outside classroom experience in which students got to volunteer
at community organizations throughout Baltimore. Students got to choose where they worked and got
to experience Baltimore while doing it. The worst aspects of the course included the time consuming
nature of the community service and the lack of structure in the project planning. The course would be
improved if there was better planning and organization with the different volunteer sites. Prospective
students should know that this course is a great experience, but it requires some additional time
commitment outside of class.
AS.280.495.01
Honors in PH - Seminar
Kelly Gebo, Jennifer Schrack
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the support students received on their papers. Students got helpful
feedback from the professor and were able to interact with their fellow students throughout the
semester. The course would have been improved if the professor gave more detailed feedback to the
students. It would have also improved if students were required to submit what they had been working
on from time to time in order to ensure there was no procrastination. Prospective students should know
that the class is great and just involves lots of independent writing outside of the classroom.
270
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
SOCIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.230.123.01
Trust and Altruism: Existence and Forms in Theory and Practice
Stephen Plank
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the small seminar setting where students got to discuss the material
amongst their peers. The worst aspect of the course was the unclear and unfocused topics. The
professor wasn't able to clearly deliver the course content and students found themselves often
confused about the readings and concepts. The course could improve if the entire curriculum was better
structured to include clearer discussions and possibly handouts to help students get a better grasp of
the sociology concepts. Prospective students should know that this course will help them get a feel of
sociological concepts and the workload is not very heavy.
AS.230.205.01-02
Introduction to Social Statistics
Daniel Pasciuti
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the clear and straightforward lectures that provided students
with an adequate amount of information. The professor cared about the students and provided lots of
extra help through section meetings and extra credit work. The worst aspect of this course was the
excessive and time-consuming weekly assignments which were hard for students to keep up with. The
course would improve if the workload was reduced and if there was a more effective textbook for the
class. Prospective students should know that this course has a heavy workload.
AS.230.208.01
Introduction to Race and Ethnicity
Katrina McDonald
271
Overall quality of the class: 4.32
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting topics, the passionate professor, and the in-class
discussions. Students also liked the integration of films into the course material, as it made the class
more interesting. The worst aspects of the course included the underdeveloped and superficial topics
often discussed in class, as well as the dull lectures that occurred from time to time. The course would
improve if it included more discussions to allow students to voice their opinions on the subject matter.
Prospective students should know this is a fairly easy course that will enlighten students on sociology
and as long as they complete the assignments they will be successful.
AS.230.225.01-02
Population, Health and Development
Stanley Becker
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the lively and engaging debates. The course also had interesting
topics, guest lecturers and presentations to keep the class exciting. The worst aspects of this course
included the heavy workload, ineffective PowerPoint slides, and group projects. The course would
improve if the class was more engaging and discussion-based, with fewer PowerPoint slides. Prospective
students should know that this is a great course with a lot of group and individual work.
AS.230.265.01
Research Tools and Technologies for the Social Sciences
Sahan Savas Karatasli, Beverly Silver
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.230.312.01
Education & Society
Karl Alexander
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the broad range of topics that were covered in the small class,
as well as the engaging seminar discussions. The worst aspect of the course was the professor's constant
deviation from the syllabus. The course lacked structure because of the ever-changing assignments and
time mismanagement on the professor's end. The course would improve if the professor had a clearer
and more definite syllabus which students could follow. Prospective students should know that this
course is somewhat writing and reading intensive, but will give students great insight into the U.S
education system.
AS.230.313.01
272
Stefanie Delucajudiciously
Space, Place, Poverty & Race: Sociological Perspectives on Neighborhoods &
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the stimulating lectures and field work. The professor kept the
class exciting and effectively delivered her strong knowledge of sociology. The worst aspects of the
course included long and dull readings as well as the lengthy class time. Students also felt that the
projects were not well guided and they were often unclear about expectations. The course could
improve if there were clearer guidelines for the final projects and if the lectures were more focused,
engaging, and interactive. Prospective students should know that this is a great course with lots of
reading and active class discussions.
AS.230.318.01
State and Society in Modern India
Rina Agarwala
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging lectures and the discussions, which all students
participated in. The professor was an effective teacher and always made sure students were following
along. The worst aspect of the course was the dense and hefty readings. The course would improve if
the discussions and papers were more free-form. Prospective students should know that they will learn
a lot about India in this laid-back and discussion-based course.
AS.230.341.01-06
Medical Sociology
Emily Agree
Overall quality of the class: 3.58
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting course topics and assigned readings. The section
meetings of the class were also great because they provided students with an avenue for discussion and
analysis of the course topics. The worst aspects of the course included the trivial quizzes, the hefty
readings, and the lengthy class time. The course would improve if the professor found a variety of ways
to engage the students during the lengthy class periods and if the quizzes were less minute in detail.
Students should know that this course is structured to introduce them to sociology and public health.
The course is fair in terms of workload and as long as the students do all the readings and prepare for
the quizzes, they will be successful.
AS.230.343.01
Political Sociology of Latin America
Magda von der Heydt-Coca
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
273
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting reading materials and stories that the professor
told about his personal experiences in Latin America. The worst aspects of the course included the
professor's lack of organization, which made it difficult for students to adequately prepare for class. The
lectures were also dull and often unclear. The course would improve if there was more structure and
organization in all aspects of the class. Prospective students should be prepared to get a nice
perspective on Latin America, and should endeavor to seek clarity on anything that seems unclear to
them in class.
AS.230.353.01
Global Social Change
Ho-Fung Hung
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the relaxed class atmosphere and the varied materials like videos and
slides. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of class discussions and interaction, which
made the lectures very inactive. The course would improve if there were more class discussions and
student/teacher interactions as opposed to dull lectures. Prospective students should know that this
course offers basic insight into the world of sociology with some politics and economics as well. The
exams and assignments are all take-home and students should give themselves enough time to
complete them in order to perform well in the course.
AS.230.388.01
Sociology of the Family
Andrew Cherlin
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the extremely organized class structure and the class
discussions, as they were moderated by a very articulate professor. Students loved how the professor
was able to effectively relay the course content to them and also engage them in stimulating
discussions. The worst aspect of the course was the class discussions which some students took as an
avenue to go on tangents about their own lives. The course would improve if the class discussions were
more controlled to prevent people from going off topic, and if it incorporated more content like videos
and debates. Prospective students will find this course applicable to the real world and are encouraged
to participate in the class discussions.
AS.230.399.01
Economic Development in Comparative Perspective
Beverly Silver, Brian Van Arkadie
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
274
The best aspect of the course was the non-traditional, small class setting that fostered student
interactions. Students engaged in good class discussions and received feedback on their work from the
very knowledgeable professor. The worst aspect of the course was the clearly improvised structure of
the course because everything was often disorganized and the students rarely had a good
understanding of the class expectations. The course would improve if it had more structure and
organized lesson plans. Prospective students should know that this course has a fairly light workload and
as long as they do what is expected of them, they will be successful.
AS.230.415.01
Social Problems in Contemporary China
Joel Andreas
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
275
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
THEATRE ARTS AND STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.225.301.01-02
Acting & Directing Workshop I
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the in-class performances by each student and the useful feedback.
The worst aspect of this course was the long meetings, with more lecturing than hands-on activity. The
course would improve if there was more in class interaction. Students would also have liked to do more
experimenting and acting. Prospective students should know that is a class that will teach acting and
other applicable skills. However, this course is more academic than acting-based.
AS.225.310.01
Stagecraft
William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.314.01
Theater: Tech Direction
John Astin, William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the experienced professor who constantly shared engaging stories
about his theatre work. Students learned more about theatre than they expected to learn and some of
the students found the skills learned in this course were useful outside of the classroom. The worst
aspect of the course was the occasionally excessive and unclear assignments. The course would be
improved if it had more structure in terms of grading and what the teacher expected of students.
276
Prospective students should know that this is a great practical course in learning about theatre. Students
who want to be successful in the course should give themselves ample time to complete assignments
and projects.
AS.225.317.01
Introduction to Theatre
Joseph Martin
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included efficiently-structured class periods, and the remarkable plays.
The worst aspects of the course included the fast-paced run-through of certain subjects that the
students would have preferred to look further into. Also, the lengthy class times often affected the
student's level of engagement. The course would improve if there were more class assignments and if
students received more feedback on the ones they were given. Prospective students should know that
this is a very interesting course that will give them an overview of theatre history, and it involves lots of
reading.
AS.225.319.01
Performance II
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the very knowledgeable professor who engaged students in an
exciting acting experience. The worst aspects of the course included the limited amount of time allotted
for rehearsals. The course involved a major time commitment. The course would improve if rehearsals
and auditions were scheduled far ahead of time, in order to give the students ample time to practice.
Prospective students should know this is an excellent theatre course for students who want to improve
their acting, but it requires a lot of time and commitment.
AS.225.321.01
The Lab - The Actor/Director/Playwright Lab
Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the enjoyable and open class atmosphere where students got to
explore theatre. Students got to share different content and got direct feedback on their work. The
worst aspects of the course included the long winded and often misguided commentary students gave
during workshops. The course would improve if the students were given more mandatory assignments.
Prospective students should be aware that this is a great learning experience for those who are
passionate about theatre and acting in general. The class will really be what the student puts into it.
AS.225.345.01
277
History of Modern Theatre & Drama
John Astin, Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
278
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
WOMEN, GENDER, AND SEXUALITY PROGRAM DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.363.233.01
Introduction to Feminism and Queer Theory
Charles Phillips
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the wide range of topics covered in the discussion atmosphere that
the professor created. The class thrived on engaging class discussions where everyone's input was
important. The worst aspects of the course included the excessive and dense readings, as well as the
division of the course into the topic of feminism and queer theories because students found themselves
wanting to learn more about feminism. The course would improve if there was more time to discuss the
readings and if perhaps more men could be encouraged to take the course in order to bring some more
diversity to the class. Prospective students should be prepared to challenge their ways of thinking in this
somewhat reading intensive course.
AS.363.251.01
Religion and Sexuality
Martijn Buijs
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the very informed professor, who kept the class engaged and
fostered great discussions. The worst aspects of the course included the obscure topics and difficult
readings. Students also felt as though the amount of philosophy knowledge they had sometimes wasn't
enough for them to fully engage themselves in the course. The course would improve if the assigned
texts were re-evaluated and the course topics were delivered in a more chronological format that the
students could follow. Prospective students should know that this course involves quite a bit of reading,
but will be very interesting for those who participate and do their work.
279
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
FALL 2012
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.220.105.01
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Rahul Kanakia
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the feedback students received on their weekly assignments. The
worst aspect of the course was the grading system, which students felt was overly subjective. The
course would improve if students had a rubric for their assignments or more clarity on what exactly the
professor was looking for. It would also improve if the class discussions were more engaging and active.
Prospective students should know that this course involves reading and interpreting literature. They
should bring some creativity to the class in order to really enjoy it.
AS.220.105.02
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Richard Hofmann
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the open and creative atmosphere. Students were given creative
freedom in their writing assignments and engaged in active class discussions. The worst aspects of the
course included the lengthy reading assignments that were not always discussed in class, and the weekly
writing assignments, as some students had a difficult time keeping up with them. The course would
improve if there were more workshop sessions to help students have their work reviewed. Prospective
students should be prepared to do weekly writing assignments.
AS.220.105.03;10
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Petrina Crockford
Overall quality of the class: 4.52
280
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size, workshops, and class discussions. The class
was very engaging and many felt they improved their writing through feedback from their fellow
students, professor, and teaching assistant. The worst aspects of the course included the early morning
class time and the poetry for some students. The course would improve if the class could be moved to a
later time in the day and if the schedule was more spread out. Prospective students should know they
don't have to be great writers to take the course but should be open to creativity and criticism.
AS.220.105.05;11
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Eric Levitz
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the different creative writing assignments and the open class
discussions. The students felt like the class exposed them to a different kind of writing and they found
the workshops helpful. The worst aspects of the course included the subjective and difficult grading as
well as the poetry portion of the class, as students felt it was not well covered. The course would
improve if students had clearer guidelines for their writing assignments and much more feedback on
how to improve their writing. Prospective students should know that they have to do a significant
amount of writing in this class and they should be clear on what is expected of them on the assignments
to be successful.
AS.220.105.06
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, John Grasser
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interactive class discussions. The stories and poems assigned to
the class were really interesting and were analyzed deeply. The worst aspect of this course was the
untimely feedback, as students often waited for a long time to receive their assignments. The course
could be improved if students had better feedback on how to write and improve their writing.
Prospective students should know that this course involves some light reading and writing, but those
who put in the effort and engage themselves will be successful in the course.
AS.220.105.07
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Daniel Stintzi
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's helpful feedback on assignments and the open
class discussion forum. The worst aspect of the course was the class discussions, which were a bit dull
281
and dreary. The students felt the grading for the writing was tough and subjective at times. The course
would improve if the class were structured to include more group activities. The course would also
improve if students were given rubrics for their assignments and updates on their class grade.
Prospective students should know that this is a fun course with lots of writing that will help students tap
into their creativity.
AS.220.105.08
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Nathan McNamara
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the class discussions that occurred in a relaxed and friendly
environment. Students received helpful feedback on their writing from the professor and from fellow
students in workshop. The worst aspects of this course included the inconsistency of the assignments
and the restrictions on the writing assignments. The course would improve if students were given more
time and creative space for the assignments. Prospective students should know that this is a great class
where students will get the opportunity to be creative and will become better writers.
AS.220.105.09
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Nathaniel Washatka
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the laid back and small class size where students were exposed
to a variety of writing. Students enjoyed the readings and learned a lot at a steady pace. The worst
aspects of the course included the dull and unproductive workshops, as well as a lack of constructive
feedback which didn't help students understand how they to improve their writing. The course would
improve if the class sessions were more engaging and diverse and if students received more structured
grading and feedback on their writing. Prospective students should know that this is a great introductory
writing course and they will notice some improvement on their writing as long as they put in the effort.
AS.220.105.12
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Elizabeth Thompson
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the class discussions and constructive feedback students
received from their peers and the teaching assistant. The worst aspects of the course included the
grading structure; students felt that no matter how much work they put in, it was very difficult to
improve their grades. Also, the readings were not analyzed in very much depth and some students
found the writing very tedious. The course would improve if students had more practice assignments
and support on their writing, as well as a better grading rubric. Prospective students should know that
282
this course offers an introduction to poetry and fiction, and they should be willing to do the writing that
is required to be successful in the course.
AS.220.105.13
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Julia Heney
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to be creative, the interesting class discussions
and the enlightening workshops. The worst aspects of the course included the constant writing and
reading, as well as the lack of adequate feedback on assignments. Students also felt like the professor
chose lots of subjective reading and graded the assignments a bit harshly. The course would improve if
the writing prompts were more specific and if students had more guidance for the readings. Prospective
students should know that it's important to start the reading and writing assignments on time so that
they have ample time to be creative.
AS.220.105.14
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Matthew Morton
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor, who encouraged students to be creative in their
writing. The course allowed students to explore different writing styles and it involved lots of interesting
open discussions. The worst aspect of the course was the rushed lessons. The course would improve if
there was better feedback on student assignments. The course would also improve if students had more
time to do their assignments and have them reviewed more effectively at workshops. Prospective
students should know that this course involves a fair amount of reading and writing, but will give them
good insight into the world of poetry and fiction writing.
AS.220.105.15;26
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Amber Burke
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the small class setting in which students were given the opportunity
to do creative writing. Students also found the course reading material very interesting. The worst
aspects of the course included the unclear grading system and harshly graded poetry assignments. The
course would improve if the grading requirements and expectations for the writing assignments were
clearer and not so strict. Prospective students should know that this course involves a substantial
amount of reading and writing, but will allow students to be very creative.
AS.220.105.16
283
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Songmuang Greer
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the writing exercises, which gave students the freedom to be creative.
Students also enjoyed workshops and the lively professor. The worst aspects of the course included the
dull class periods, as well as the poetry section of the class because students found it difficult to analyze
and write poetry. The course would improve if there were more workshops and if the professor could
find a way to make the class more engaging. Prospective students should know that this is a fun course
that involves lots of weekly writing.
AS.220.105.17;20
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Courtney Sender
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the exciting reading and writing assignments. Students were
challenged to improve their writing and always received great feedback from the professor. The worst
aspect of the course was the strict and subjective grading system. The course would improve if students
received their assignments in a more timely fashion, which would help them work on the areas that
required improvement. It would also help if the students received more lessons on writing
improvement. Prospective students should know that the course is writing.
AS.220.105.18;22
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Charles Phinney
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings, class discussions and group feedback.
Students enjoyed the creative writing opportunity that this course offered. The worst aspect of this
course was the subjective grading. The class discussions were sometimes weak as well. The course
would improve if there were a clearer grading system and if there were more ways to engage the
students in livelier discussions. Prospective students should be prepared to do lots of writing and
familiarize themselves with basic grammatical concepts.
AS.220.105.19
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Joselyn Takacs
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
284
The best aspect of this course was the relaxed class atmosphere where students learned about writing
fiction and poetry. The students were engaged in great class discussions and received good feedback on
their work. The worst aspects of the course included the subjective writing and grading, as well as the
amount of creativity needed to do the assignments. Students also felt the class sessions were repetitive.
The course would improve if fewer fiction and poetry pieces were analyzed in class. Prospective
students should be ready to do some intensive writing as assignments are due weekly.
AS.220.105.21;28
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Katherine Robinson
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the diverse stories and poetry that students were exposed to. The
professor was always prepared and did an excellent job in facilitating discussions that helped students
with their own writing. The worst aspects of the course included the unfocused discussions that were
often dominated by a few select students. The course would improve if the course discussions were
more focused and if the workshops were more open. Prospective students should know that this fun
class will help them improve their writing.
AS.220.105.23
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Robert McDonald
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the readings and class discussions. The students also enjoyed
the opportunity to workshop one another's work. The worst aspects of the course included the
subjective grading system and monotonous class sessions. The course could improve if the students
were given clearer guidelines and expectations for their poetry assignments. Prospective students
should know that the course involves lots of writing and if they work hard, they will improve their skills.
AS.220.105.24
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Emily Parker
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the creative atmosphere and the exposure students received to
different kinds of writing. There were also lots of opportunities for students to improve on their writing.
The worst aspects of the course included the poorly taught poetry sessions, as well as the subjective
grading. The course would improve if there were more group workshop opportunities and if the poetry
section were more structured. Prospective students should commit some time to the writing
assignments and they will become comfortable with the content.
285
AS.220.105.25
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Jocelyn Slovak
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the different creative writing assignments. The worst aspect of the
course was the workshops, as some students didn't find them particularly effective in helping them get
adequate assessment of their work. The course was a standard writing class and not many people were
as interested in writing poetry. The course would improve if students had more lessons on short stories
and how they could write better. Prospective students should know that this is a basic fiction/poetry
writing course.
AS.220.105.27
Fiction/Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Alexander Creighton
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interactive class discussions and creative writing prompts.
The worst aspect of this course was the consistent influx of reading assignments. Students also found it
initially hard to participate in workshops and wished there were more one-on-one opportunities for
them to improve their writing. The course could improve if students had more opportunities for
feedback on their work and if the assignment fiction prompts were more guided and focused.
Prospective students should know that this course is writing intensive, but engaging and they will have
opportunities to workshop one another's work.
AS.220.106.01-02
Fiction/Poetry Writing II
Austin Allen, Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size and enjoyable class discussions that were
facilitated by an enthusiastic professor. Students also had the opportunity to have their work reviewed
by fellow classmates. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of transparency in the grading. Many
students could not understand how their grades were determined and also found the assignments and
readings extremely vague. The course would improve if a more transparent grading scheme for the class
was established and if the workshops were structured in a more organized fashion. Prospective students
should know that this course is based heavily on class participation.
AS.220.106.03
Fiction/Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, Gwen Kirby
286
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the fun and helpful professor who showed genuine interest in the
growth of her students. The students were allowed to creatively express themselves through fiction and
poetry writing. The worst aspects of the course included the somewhat questionable grading style that
the students often could not understand, as well as the challenging writing. The course would improve if
students could have more feedback on their work and if they had more guidance on the writing
assignments. Prospective students should know that this writing intensive course is extremely engaging
and they will enjoy all the readings.
AS.220.106.04
Fiction/Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, Katherine Parr
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the intimate class setting where students received helpful
feedback from an engaging professor and ample chances to improve on their writing. The worst aspect
of the course was the slow rate at which students assignments were graded, as the professor's feedback
became unhelpful. The assigned readings and writing assignments were also voluminous as well. The
course would improve if students received their writing assignments in a timelier fashion so that they
could use the feedback to improve on their writing before their next assignments. Prospective students
should know this is a great course that will help them improve their writing and teach them how to
analyze literature. The course includes weekly readings and writing assignments, but students who stay
on top of their work are sure to be successful.
AS.220.106.05
Fiction/Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, Callie Siskel
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the workshops where students got to critique each other's
work, as well as the creative atmosphere. The teaching assistant encouraged students to become better
writers by giving useful feedback on their work and facilitating active class discussions. The worst
aspects of the course included the overwhelming writing assignments and the vague writing prompts.
The course would improve if students had better and less restrictive writing prompts. Prospective
students should know that the course is graded somewhat harshly, but it is an enjoyable course. They
should endeavor to always do the readings.
AS.220.108.01
Introduction to Fiction & Nonfiction
Joanne Cavanaugh-Simpson
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
287
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the stimulating readings and relaxed discussion based classes
where students got to engage with the assigned readings. The professor allowed creativity in the
classroom and in the writing assignments. The worst aspects of the course included the lengthy class
periods and readings. The course would improve if the assigned readings were shortened and the class
discussions were more focused to have more effective use of the class time. Prospective students should
know that is a great course that will challenge them to improve their writing and it is worthwhile to
spend time on the assigned readings and writing assignments.
AS.220.146.01
Introduction to Science Writing
Ann Finkbeiner, Gabriel Popkin
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the science readings and the overall concept of writing
specifically for science. Students found this class really applicable to the real world and also received
insightful feedback from fellow classmates and the professor. The worst aspect of the course was the
interview assignments in which students had to interview someone within a week. Students also felt
that they were not given enough time to complete their assignments. The course would improve if
students were given extra time on their assignments and if the workshops were more time restricted so
that the professor personally could give the students more feedback on their writing assignments.
Prospective students should know that this course teaches students how to write for scientific purposes
and involves weekly assignments.
AS.220.146.02
Introduction to Science Writing
Ann Finkbeiner, Alex Kasprak
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the creative writing assignments, which helped students improve
their writing skills and exposed them to various scientific literature. The assignments were well
structured and the professor provided students with useful feedback on improving their writing. The
worst aspect of the course was the interview assignments, as students felt they did not have adequate
time to complete them. The course would improve if the classes were shorter and if students were given
more information on some of the topics. Prospective students should know that this course has a
manageable workload and requires no scientific background, although a scientific background may be
useful.
AS.220.200.01
Introduction to Fiction
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
288
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the humorous and relaxed professor, as well as the informal yet
productive class discussions. The course provided students with adequate feedback on their writing
through a series of workshops. The worst aspect of the course was the insufficient amount of writing
opportunities. The course would improve if there were more writing assignments and workshops in
order to give students more chances to improve their writing. Prospective students should know that
this is a relaxed, yet helpful course which will help mold them into better writers.
AS.220.200.02
Introduction to Fiction
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the class discussions, workshop critiques, and helpful feedback
from the professor. The professor provided an interactive and open atmosphere for students to really
learn about their writing. The worst aspects of the course included the outside readings, which students
rarely found interesting, and the limited number of writing assignments that were given. The course
would improve if the reading and literary components of the course could be more intertwined with the
writing assignments so that they could be more relevant to the class. Prospective students should know
that this is a discussion and workshop based course. There is quite a lot of reading and writing to do, but
students will find the course fun and insightful.
AS.220.200.03
Introduction to Fiction
Matthew Klam
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor whose wonderful teaching style created a fun
environment for students to learn and be creative. Students loved the readings, class discussions and
helpful feedback they received on their assignments. The worst aspect of the course was the lengthy
class time, as it was sometimes overwhelming for the students. The course could improve if the students
had extra feedback on their work and more suggestions or techniques for writing. Prospective students
should know that this course really teaches them to write fiction while expressing their own creativity.
Students highly recommended this course and the professor.
AS.220.201.01
Introduction to Poetry
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
289
The best aspects of this course included the well-guided weekly poetry assignments, the informal class
discussions, and feedback opportunities provided through workshops. The weekly assignments were
beneficial, even for students who had little or no experience in poetry. The worst aspect of the course
was the limited class time where students had to rush their workshop and received little feedback on
their work. The students also felt that the professor provided inadequate feedback on assignments. The
course would improve if there was better time management and if the professor provided better
feedback on student assignments. Prospective students should be prepared to write some form of
poetry on a weekly basis and be critiqued at workshops.
AS.220.201.02
Introduction to Poetry
Steve Scafidi
Overall quality of the class: 4.92
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging professor who provided students with very helpful
feedback and helped them to develop their poetry writing skills. The course was well organized and the
class discussions were very insightful. The worst aspects of the course included the once a week class
meeting time, as students would have loved to meet more. The course would improve if it offered more
workshop opportunities and if perhaps the class could meet more often. Prospective students should
know that this course involves reading, writing, and workshops for different kinds of poetry to develop
their writing skills.
AS.220.202.01
Introduction to Non-Fiction: Matters of Fact
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the diverse and interesting readings that were carefully chosen for
the class. The professor was very knowledgeable about the course subject and provided the students
with useful tips. The worst aspects of the course included the insubstantial amount of feedback students
received on their work. The course could improve if students received more feedback on their
assignments, as well as better guided prompts for their writing. Prospective students should know that
this class is somewhat tougher than other writing seminar classes, but is very helpful for those who want
to improve their writing.
AS.220.204.01
Introduction to Dramatic Writing: Film
Marc Lapadula
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the class discussions, video clip reviews, and assignment
feedback by the professor. The workshop sessions were extremely helpful and students learned much
290
about the basics of screenwriting through this course. The worst aspects of the course included the
hefty amount of work students had to do independently and the limited amount of workshop
opportunities available in the course. The course would improve if the class had more script assignments
spread out throughout the semester, more in-class writing, and workshop opportunities. Prospective
students should know that this course is really helpful for those who want to learn about screenwriting
and it involves a portfolio project that all should endeavor to start on time.
AS.220.316.01
Seminar: Opinion Writing
Gregory Kane
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the writing assignments, as well as the humorous and caring
professor. The students really improved on their writing in this course and learned applicable lessons on
writing opinion pieces. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy amounts of weekly writing,
and lack of sufficient teaching instruction from the professor. The course would improve if students
received more lectures and discussions on opinion writing. Students also recommend an earlier time for
the class to meet. Prospective students should be willing to do a hefty amount of writing every week, as
the course will help them become better writers.
AS.220.325.01
Intermediate Fiction: Story and Plot
Jessica Blau
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the class discussions, unique writing exercises, and one-on-one
interactions with a very knowledgeable professor. The worst aspect of this course was the insufficient
amount of writing assignments, as the course was based solely on one grade. The students also wished
they had more opportunities for workshop, opposed to the one they had over the course of the entire
semester. The course would improve if students had more writing assignments and workshop
opportunities so that they could have more feedback on their writing. Prospective students should know
that this is a well-paced writing course which requires a 20-page story submission at the end of the
semester.
AS.220.327.01
Intermediate Fiction: Characters
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interactive class discussions and helpful workshop sessions
which provided students with good feedback on their writing. The worst aspect of the course was the
lack of focus in some of the discussions, as they sometimes went off-topic. The professor went off on
291
tangents from time to time and student discussions were quick to go off track. The course would
improve if the class discussions were more focused and if the course was better organized. Prospective
students should know that this is a really great class with lots of opportunities for writing and insightful
discussions.
AS.220.337.01
Intermediate Dramatic Writing: Film
Marc Lapadula
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.377.01
Intermediate Poetry: Poetic Forms
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the very engaging professor, useful workshops, and creative
atmosphere in which students could express themselves through poetry. The worst aspect of this course
was the rushed class periods where discussions had to be shortened and students got brief reviews of
their own poetry. The course would improve if the workshops had a more effective schedule so as to
give everyone enough time to have their own poetry reviewed. Time management needs to be
improved so that different topics could be discussed in class with ample time for students to have
workshop. Prospective students should know that this is an effective and manageable class with weekly
poetry writing assignments that will help them improve their writing.
AS.220.380.01
Intermediate Fiction: The Scene
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the creative atmosphere, the insightful readings, and the
assignments that made sure students were using the skills they learned. The worst aspect of the course
was the professor's disorganization. The course often lacked structure and students sometimes did not
know what to expect in class. The course would improve if there was consistency in the class schedule,
as well as an increase in the number of assignments. Prospective students should know that this is a fun
course where students will be able to improve their writing in a motivating environment.
AS.220.382.01
Intermediate Poetry : Narrative Strategies in Poetry Writing
David Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
292
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the personal visits from different poets and the overall exciting
class structure. Students were given poetry tutorials along with workshops of their own work. The worst
aspect of the course was the ill-managed workshop times where some students did not get to have their
work reviewed. The course would improve if there were clearer guidelines for the analytical papers as
well as better class time management. Prospective students should know that this course requires
weekly poetry writing and offers opportunities to meet accomplished poets.
AS.220.384.01
Intermediate Nonfiction: I, Me, Mine: American Autobiography
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the open atmosphere where students got to learn about one
another through their autobiographies. The course offered an excellent mix of writing workshops and
insightful texts. The worst aspects of the course included the outdated texts which were somewhat hard
for students to relate their own work to. Students also wished they received more feedback from the
professor. The course would improve if the assigned texts and autobiographies were more
contemporary. Prospective students should know that this is a writing course that involves sharing
personal stories and they should be should be open to criticism and honesty.
AS.220.397.01
Intermediate Poetry: The Lyric
Steve Scafidi
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the passionate professor who generated lots of excitement for poetry
and consistently provided students with personal and detailed feedback on their work. The worst
aspects of the course included the slightly hefty workload that went with helping students improve on
their poetry skills. The course would improve if every student had workshop every week, as opposed to
just a few select students having their poetry critiqued. Prospective students should know that this is a
reading and writing intensive poetry course and that they are expected to present material on a weekly
basis. Although no previous experience is needed to take this course, prospective students should have
some interest in writing poetry.
AS.220.401.01
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Alice McDermott
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
293
The best aspect of the course was the insightful and kind professor who provided students with constant
feedback and helpful tips on improving their writing. This was a useful workshop course with weekly
exercises and discussions to help students learn from one another. The worst aspects of the course
included the workshop sessions where some students had their writing reviewed for longer periods than
others, as well as the discussions that often lacked focus. The course would improve if there was better
time management during workshop sessions and if the class could be smaller in size. Prospective
students should know that this course involves lots of writing and critiquing of other people's writing.
AS.220.401.02
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Brad Leithauser
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.220.420.01
Readings in Contemporary Fiction: Coetzee, Delillo, Freudenberger, Johnson
Matthew Klam
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting readings as well as the deep and open
discussions. The worst aspects of the course included the lack of feedback on some writing assignments,
as well as the repetitiveness of the class structure. The course would improve if students had their own
work read and reviewed in class from time to time. It would also be helpful if the weekly responses were
reduced so as to help students engage themselves more in the books. Prospective students should know
that this course involves readings lots of great books.
AS.220.423.01
Readings in Fiction: Castaways in Literature
Brad Leithauser
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the assigned books and readings. Students found themselves
reading new and interesting books that they wouldn't have otherwise read on their own. The worst
aspect of this course was the lack of class discussion, as the professor chose to do most of the talking
himself. The course would improve if there was more class participation and discussions to make the
class more engaging. Prospective students should know that they are expected to read a different novel
each week and generate papers from time to time.
