JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY
Homewood Course Guide
Summaries of Student Course Evaluations for Spring 2012
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Africana Studies 5
Anthropology 8
Applied Mathematics and Statistics 12
Art Workshops 21
Behavioral Biology 26
Biology 28
Biomedical Engineering 33
Biophysics 44
Center for Language Education: Arabic 47
Center for Language Education: Chinese 49
Center for Language Education: Hebrew 51
Center for Language Education: Hindi 52
Center for Language Education: Japanese 53
Center for Language Education: Korean 55
Center for Language Education: Persian 56
Center for Language Education: Russian 57
Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering 59
Chemistry 67
Civil Engineering 71
Classics 76
Cognitive Science 79
Computer Science 83
Earth and Planetary Science 93
East Asian Studies 98
Economics 99
Electrical and Computer Engineering 105
Engineering Management 113
English 114
Entrepreneurship and Management 125
Film and Media Studies 134
Geography and Environmental Engineering 139
German and Romance Languages and Literatures 147
History 176
History of Art 185
History of Science and Technology 190
Humanities 193
Information Security Institute 197
Interdepartmental 199
Latin American Studies 201
Materials Science and Engineering 203
Mathematics 211
Mechanical Engineering 217
Military Science 225
Museums and Society Program 228
Music 230
NanoBioTechnology 234
Near Eastern Studies 235
Neuroscience 238
Philosophy 240
Physics 246
Political Science 252
Professional Communication 260
Psychology 267
Public Health Studies 273
Sociology 277
Theatre Arts and Studies 282
Writing Seminars 285
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
AFRICANA STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.362.103.01
Introduction to African Arts
Nichole Bridges
Overall quality of the class: 3.30
Summary:
The best aspects of the class include the in-depth approach to learning the material, including a museum
visit to the BMA which many students found valuable. The instructor was clearly experienced and
enthusiastic about the material. Some students felt that the readings were too lengthy, and would have
appreciated if the instructor was more responsive in e-mails and feedback. Suggestions for improvement
would be to have the class taught with the superior technology (projectors, etc.) that it required rather
than constantly having issues with technology each week and to have a slightly decrease the workload.
Prospective students are warned that the course involves a lot of work and encouraged to do their
readings before the class meets. The grading is straightforward and the course is effective as an
introduction to African art.
AS.362.104.01
Introduction to the African Diaspora
Patricia Romero
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had five or fewer comments.
AS.362.105.01
Reading Seminar: Black Society in the Americas
Franklin Knight
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
AFRICANA STUDIES
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the varied approach to the material involving reading,
discussion, film watching, group work, and in-class presentations as well as an approachable and
interesting instructor. The material was intellectually challenging and interesting and students rarely felt
the course material or teaching methods were dry. Students felt that the course was very easy, almost
to a fault and they believed that the instructor was not always very organized. Suggestions for
improvement included a more concrete syllabus and more engaging class discussions. Prospective
students should know that the course is valuable to those interested in Africana Studies and American
History and involves a fair workload. Students will be expected to do readings and respond to them.
AS.362.200.01
African American Poetry and Poetics
Hollis Robbins
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the in-depth analysis of African American poetry during the class,
the group discussions, and the opportunity to participate deeply in each discussion. Some students felt
that discussions where only a few students participated were less valuable, and that more weight should
be placed on participation. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating other forms of media,
so that students could hear poetry read. Prospective students should be comfortable with writing skills
and the mechanics of poetry and should be prepared to participate in group discussion.
AS.362.204.01
Women in African History
Patricia Romero
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the readings in combination with films presented throughout the
course as well as the group discussions during class. Critical thinking is strongly encouraged in
discussion. Some students felt that the course was not well-organized or focused, and would have
benefited from more feedback on their work. Suggestions to improve this class included spreading the
class out to three classes a week instead of two, and to have more assignments and opportunities for
grading. Prospective students should know that the readings are important to understanding the course
and demand most of the students' time with reference to the course. Students should manage their
workload and try to start assignments (i.e., the 20 page final paper) early if possible.
AS.362.303.01
Global Africa
Jeffrey Ahlman
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
AFRICANA STUDIES
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included an enthusiastic and approachable instructor, a well thought-out
and organized syllabus, and valuable directed group discussions. Some students felt that the amount of
reading expected to be done was incredibly high especially considering the complexity of some of the
readings. Suggestions for improvement include lessening the workload. Prospective students should be
prepared to do a lot of reading and to write a final 20 page research paper. If the proper work is put in,
students will enjoy the interesting material and the knowledge of the instructor.
AS.362.306.01
Seeing Baltimore History: Race & Community
Moira Hinderer
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject material, the individual attention the
instructor gave to each student, the research skills gained in the course, and the freedom to choose
topics for final research papers. Some students felt that the course was slightly disorganized at times
and not entirely parallel with the course description. Suggestions for improvement included slight
changes in organization of the syllabus and the possibility of bringing in guest lecturers to vary the
presentation of material. Prospective students should demonstrate an interest in history and the specific
topic, and should be prepared to contribute during class. Students will also get the unique opportunity
to make an online exhibit and do original research.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
ANTHROPOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.070.113.01
Freshman Seminar
Niloofar Haeri
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the valuable and interesting discussions during class and the
easygoing atmosphere appropriate to an introductory course. Some students felt that the class lacked
direction and structure and that the class was slightly too large for its discussion style format.
Suggestions for improvement included making the class slightly smaller in size and having more clearly
defined requirements for assignments including the reaction papers. Prospective students that are
interested in cultural affairs and the field of anthropology will receive a valuable introduction.
Prospective students are encouraged to participate in discussion and to do the readings.
AS.070.132.01
Invitation to Anthropology
Naveeda Khan
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a unique syllabus with interesting readings, extensive feedback
on student work, and a knowledgeable and likeable instructor. Some students felt that the grading
system was disorganized and unclear, especially with regards to papers. Some students also felt that
some of the readings were a bit dry. Suggestions for improvement included more guided and structured
lectures and sections. Additionally, most students would prefer if the class was based less on student
input and answers to the lecturer's questions, as this style makes the lecture tedious and slow.
Prospective students are encouraged to attend all the lectures and do the readings in order to keep up
with the class. Students will only have to write four 3-page papers.
ANTHROPOLOGY
AS.070.200.01
On Secrets- Their Concealment, Revelation & Beyond
Urmila Nair
Overall quality of the class: 2.14
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting readings and subject matter, the lack of formal
tests, and the engaging in-class discussions. Many students agreed that the professor's notes on the
board are not at all helpful in understanding the material, and that the course is poorly organized.
Students had trouble understanding what the instructor expected of them and didn't really receive
much of value from the lectures. Suggestions for improvement include more organized class notes that
better explain the dense. Prospective students should be interested in anthropology and reading
ethnographies. They should be prepared to allocate time to understand readings outside of class.
AS.070.225.01
The Nature of Extraction
Deborah Poole
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
This class had five or fewer comments.
AS.070.272.01
The Savage & the Primitive
Aaron Goodfellow
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the instructor and his ability to engage students in lively in-class
discussion, interesting readings, and the small size of the class. Some students felt that the amount of
reading was difficult to keep up with which made the in-class discussions suffer as a result. Suggestions
for improvement included heavier weight in grades on class participation and slightly shorter readings.
Prospective students are encouraged to take the course for its manageable workload and outstanding
instructor. They are encouraged to keep up with the reading and re-writes and be able to participate in
discussion.
AS.070.302.01
The Social Lives of Global Health Programs
Lindsey Reynolds
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the stimulating group discussions, the interesting course
material, and the relevance of the topics to present day issues. Some students felt that the reading was
ANTHROPOLOGY
highly theoretical and abstract and therefore difficult to understand, which needed more explanation
during lecture. Suggestions for improvement include lessening the reading requirements slightly,
explaining the main points of difficult readings more explicitly, and explaining expectations for
assignments more clearly.
AS.070.310.01
Troubling Africa: Bodies, Politics, Experience of Well-Being
Thomas Cousins
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a passionate and informative instructor, incredibly engaging
group discussions, and useful response papers. Students really loved the course and felt that they
gained a unique perspective on the topic. Some students felt that the amount of reading was slightly too
much. Some students would have appreciated slightly more in-depth feedback on their work and more
focus on the specific themes students should have recognized from each reading. Prospective students
should be prepared to do a lot of reading and writing; however, the class is a very valuable experience.
AS.070.312.01
Monsters' Lives
Emma Cervone
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting readings and concepts that contributed individually
towards the overall discussion of the idea of monstrosity throughout the course. Some students felt that
the instructor and the syllabus were unorganized and vague and that the lack of feedback on student
work made the course difficult. Some students also felt it was difficult to keep up with the readings
every week. Suggestions students gave for improvement included more individualized feedback on
student work from the instructor and more organized discussions. Prospective students are encouraged
to do the readings closely so as to really understand the material. Students should be prepared to do a
lot of reading and writing.
AS.070.317.01
Junior/Senior Seminar
Anand Pandian
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included interesting group discussions and readings, the inviting and
engaging atmosphere of the seminars, and the knowledgeable and passionate instructor. Some students
felt that the discussion sometimes got off-topic and left some important themes unexplored. Some
students felt that the instructor's expectations were slightly unclear. Some students suggested more
ANTHROPOLOGY
opportunities for peer review. Prospective students are told that it is easy to genuinely enjoy the
material and the discussions as long as the proper amount of work is put into it.
AS.070.323.01
Money and Moral Economy
Jane Guyer
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a flexible, knowledgeable, and insightful instructor, the
emphasis on discussion and participation, and the interesting readings. Some students felt that the
course was poorly organized. Suggestions for improvement include a more rigid, clear syllabus.
Prospective students are told that the material is slightly dense and long, but interesting and valuable.
Students should have a background in anthropology and be prepared to read, write, speak in front of a
group, and conduct interviews.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.550.111.01-05
Statistical Analysis I
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.54
Summary:
The best parts of this course were the professor's straightforward teaching style and the clear
expectations for exams. Students felt it was a good introduction to statistics. Comments about the
course's weakness concerned the tediousness of the homework and the fact that solutions were not
posted for homework or midterms. Suggestions for improvement include putting the course on
Blackboard and posting solutions for past tests and assignments. Students interested in the course
should know that homework is not overly difficult but needs to be started ahead of time. The exams are
not directly curved so students should master the material.
EN.550.112.01-06
Statistical Analysis II
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 3.74
Summary:
Students appreciated the straightforwardness of the course and the clear lectures given by the
professor. Weaker aspects of the course included having to memorize formulas and do math by hand for
the exams, and the repetitive and tedious nature of the material in homework and lectures. Suggestions
for improvement included providing solutions to review problems and making the homework and exams
either both require a calculator or both not require one. Prospective students should be sure to review
Microsoft Excel and skills from Statistical Analysis I.
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.171.01-02
Discrete Mathematics
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Students in this course generally felt that lectures were clearly presented and that the material was
interesting. The homework assignments tended to be time-consuming and students felt that the graph
theory topics were too rushed. Suggestions for improvement include spending less time on
combinatorial proofs and having some discussion of the applications of different topics. Students
interested in the course should know that no specific math background is needed, and grading is fair,
but that the material can be difficult to grasp.
EN.550.211.01-04
Probability and Statistics for the Life Sciences
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 3.08
Summary:
Students in this course commented that section meetings were very helpful in solidifying understanding
of the material. They also appreciated that they didn't have to spend time on memorizing formulas.
Students felt that the lectures had a poor balance of theory and examples, and that the textbook was
poorly written and organized. The course could be improved by doing more examples in lecture and to
write notes on the board instead of on the tablet PC. Interested students should know that some
statistics background is helpful, and that grading is fairly reasonable.
EN.550.251.01
Math Models/Decision Making
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
This class had five or fewer comments.
EN.550.291.01-02
Lin Alg & Diff Equations
Youngmi Hur
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
Summary:
Students felt that the professor was a clear lecturer and that her lectures meshed well with the
textbook. They also appreciated the flexible homework timing and scheduling. Some concerns were that
homework became too difficult late in the semester, and that in general the problem sets were very
long. Suggestions for improvement include giving more examples in lecture, and more purposefully
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
integrating MATLAB. It is recommended that students start the homework ahead of time and follow the
recommended homework schedule whenever possible.
EN.550.310.01-03
Probability & Statistics for the Physical and Information Sciences and Engineering
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.55
Summary:
Students agreed that the notes posted online were very helpful. They also felt that the professor was
enthusiastic and exams were very fair. One of the most disliked aspects of the course was the grading
system ­ there was no real curve. The material was also boring at times. Students suggested that lecture
notes be posted before class that day, and that exams be made more difficult but also curved.
Prospective students should know that the textbook is not very useful and lectures are the best way to
learn. The course is calculus-based so they should be comfortable using calculus.
EN.550.311.01-03
Prob/Stat-Bio Sci & Eng
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
Summary:
Many students found the professor to be very knowledgeable, interesting, and approachable. They
especially appreciated that he welcomed students to come to his office anytime to ask questions.
Students felt that the exams had too strong of an emphasis on memorization and proofs. Suggestions
for improving the course included assigning a textbook or other reference material, and offering more
robust review materials (e.g. thorough homework solutions and additional practice exams). Prospective
students should be aware that it is imperative to attend every lecture and take excellent notes, and to
learn and understand the proofs that are introduced by the professor.
550.362.01
Intro to Optimization II
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
Students complimented the professor on his straightforward and engaging lectures, outside availability,
and flexibility toward scheduling. They also felt that the projects were thoughtfully designed. Criticisms
of the course centered on the somewhat haphazardly-introduced programming assignments and the
lack of steady homework assignments to reinforce the material. Suggestions for improvement included
making exams reflect more understanding and less memorization, making some kind of reference
resources available, and teaching MATLAB more effectively. Students pointed out that prior experience
with MATLAB would be helpful in succeeding in this course, and that the course structure is very similar
to that of Optimization I.
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
550.371.01
Cryptology And Coding
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
Students felt that the lectures and course material were interesting and very easy to follow, and that the
professor was very caring and helpful. At times, the homework could be very time-consuming, and
section meetings were not well-planned. Suggestions for improvement included redesigning the exams
to reflect more understanding, and giving more coding assignments. Interested students should know
that the course involves a lot of number theory and MATLAB, and background in these areas is helpful.
Students highly recommend the professor.
550.386.01
Sci Computing : Diff Equat
Daniel Robinson
Overall quality of the class: 4.04
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the fact that weekly homework was completed during section time
and in groups. This allowed students to effectively learn from other group members. Students also said
that the professor was knowledgeable and engaging. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of
actual MATLAB programming. The course is more theoretical and abstract in nature. To improve the
class, students suggested more programming problems, updating the review sheet more frequently, and
posting the homework solutions; however, some students said they like the course exactly the way it is
and would not make any changes. Future students should know that it helps to have some prior
programming knowledge (i.e., MATLAB, R, and Python) and familiarity with linear algebra.
EN.550.400.01
Mathematical Modeling and Consulting
Nam Lee
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
Students enjoyed the opportunity to learn several types of modeling software, and found the professor
to be very helpful and accessible. Students noted that many problems arose from trying to install the
variety of software packages on their personal computers, and that this caused issues with the pace of
the course. It was suggested that a more organized course schedule be created and followed, with more
frequent checkups on the progress of the students. Prospective students are highly recommended to
take the course for their AMS computing requirement, as it teaches practical skills that are applicable in
many domains.
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.420.01-03
Intro to Probability
John Wierman
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
Students appreciated that there was an optional final exam to redeem themselves if they struggled with
an earlier exam; they also found the homework and textbook problems to be useful to their learning;
however, many students felt that Power Point slides were an ineffective way of teaching probability, and
that the ramp-up in difficulty in the later part of the course was too intense. Suggestions for
improvement included working through examples during lecture, as well as removing one of the
midterms or balancing out the amount of material covered on each midterm. Prospective students
should be aware that the course gets much harder later in the semester ­ they should take every
possible opportunity for extra credit, and do many practice problems from the textbook.
EN.550.426.01
Introduction to Stochastic Processes
John Wierman
Overall quality of the class: 3.62
Summary:
Students appreciated the usefulness of the course material as well as the fair grading structure that
discouraged competitiveness among students. Students felt that the Power Point slides were hard to
follow during lecture, since having the formulas and calculations already written caused the professor to
speed through everything. Suggestions for improvement included: more numerous or more in-depth
practice problems to make up for the lack of textbook; making lectures more interactive; and providing
more links to real-world applications. Prospective students should know that the class is quite
theoretical and they will be disadvantaged without a strong background in probability; they should do as
much of the extra credit work as possible.
EN.550.428.01
Stochastic Processes and Applications to Finance II
Dwijavanti Athreya
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.430.01-03
Intro to Statistics
Daniel Naiman
Overall quality of the class: 4.01
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
Summary:
Students felt that the professor was kind and approachable, and that lectures effectively covered useful
statistics material in detail. The review guides were helpful in studying, and the exams were fair in that
no unexpected material would appear; however, most students felt that the clicker system was
implemented so poorly that it had no benefit to learning. Other common complaints included the fact
that exam problems were equally weighted despite having differing levels of importance and difficulty,
and that homework assignments took excessive amounts of time to complete. Suggestions for
improvement included a more robust introduction to R and Excel before expecting them to be used on
homework, and to make sure that material on the homework assignments has already been covered in
lecture. Prospective students should know that this is a very difficult course, but that the material is
useful and effort is rewarded. They can expect to spend a lot of time on the homework and do a lot of
independent learning from the textbook. Attending lectures and paying attention is highly
recommended.
EN.550.431.01
Statistical Methods in Imaging
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.439.01
Time Series Analysis
Fred Torcaso
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
Students found that the professor was very knowledgeable and effective at lecturing, and that the
material was presented in a straightforward manner. They felt that online lecture notes were at times
too theoretical to be useful, and that grading was very slow. Suggestions for improvement included
posting solutions to homework and old exams, and assigning more frequent homework. Prospective
students will be helped by a background in probability and should be aware that the course is more
theoretical than expected.
EN.550.445.01
Interest Rate and Credit Derivatives
David Audley
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.447.01
Quantitative Portfolio Theory and Performance Analysis
Luis Chavez-Bedoya
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.448.01
Financial Engineering and Structured Products
David Audley
Overall quality of the class: 3.32
Summary:
Students felt that the textbooks chosen for the course were very strong, and the course material was
useful and interesting. Some students felt confused by the large amount of technical vocabulary and the
disorganization of the material. Things that would improve the course include more concisely-presented
lectures and more frequent homework to reinforce the material. Prospective students should be aware
that it is very difficult to earn a good grade in the course, but that the material is useful for those
interested in financial mathematics.
EN.550.453.01
Mathematical Game Theory
Beryl Castello
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
Students found lectures to be clear and organized with effective examples, and outside work was helpful
in supplementing them. Students felt that occasionally the course moved too quickly over a dense topic.
A suggestion for improvement was to provide additional examples that are not also in the textbook.
Prospective students should know that the course is fair, but that a strong background in proofs is highly
recommended.
EN.550.472.01
Graph Theory
Edward Scheinerman
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
Students lauded the course's level of intellectual challenge, and lectures were interesting and clear
which made going to class very enjoyable. Sometimes the homework problems were too difficult and
time-consuming, which solutions that often seemed ad-hoc. Suggestions for improvement included
more separation between undergraduate and graduate students, and to spend more time on topics
which have current applications being studied. Though discrete mathematics is not a listed prerequisite,
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
it is very highly recommended to prospective students. Prospective students should know that the
course is purely theoretical, and that homework will be extremely challenging.
EN.550.621.01
Probability Theory II
James Fill
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.663.01
Stochastic Search & Optimization
James Spall
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
Students found the professor to be an engaging and effective lecturer, and the material to be both
interesting and practical. Concerns centered on the difficult homework which sometimes had unclear
expectations and had to be completed independently. Suggestions for improvement included more
example problems that are not already in the textbook, and to eliminate the policy of offering no help
with homework. Prospective students are encouraged to have a strong background in probability and
statistics as well as some programming skills.
EN.550.672.01
Graph Theory
Edward Scheinerman
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.683.01
Functional Analysis
Elie Younes
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
Students felt that the material was interesting and was effectively built up through a progression from
the topic's foundations. Students were frustrated that lectures focused so heavily on proofs and that
some of the earliest materials in the course were never referred to again. Suggestions for improvement
included moving more quickly through early topics and projecting pre-written lecture notes onto the
board to allow more time for illustrating examples during class. Prospective students are encouraged to
have some kind of background in topology.
APPLIED MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS
EN.550.693.01
Turbulence Theory
Gregory Eyink
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.723.01
Markov Chains
James Fill
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.550.735.01
Topics in Statistical Pattern Recognition
Carey Priebe
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
Students found the professor to be an expert on the subject matter and an extremely genuine and
effective teacher. They also appreciated the class structure, which encouraged students to work
together and did not involve extensive outside work. Some students felt that the professor favored the
input of certain students over others, and this affected the progression of the course. Suggestions for
improvement included a more specific structure to the course, and a review session to summarize
important topics covered. Prospective students should be prepared with a strong background, such as
550.630.
EN.550.747.01
Topics in Financial Math
Luis Chavez-Bedoya, Helyette Geman
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
ART DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.371.131.01
Studio Drawing I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the wide variety of art techniques taught, the relaxed and enjoyable
atmosphere, the emphasis on basics that allowed beginners to progress, and the individual attention to
each student from the instructor. Some students felt that the length of the class (about four hours)
made it very difficult to fit into their schedules. This also made any missed work hard to make-up.
Suggestions for improvement include splitting the class into two sessions a week and to provide a larger
work space. Prospective students are told that the course is a great introduction to art for all people and
does not require any prior experience.
AS.371.133.01
Painting Workshop I
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the knowledgeable instructor, the constructive atmosphere of
peer critiques of artwork, and the opportunity to improve in painting. Students felt that it was a
wonderful creative outlet and a nice break from structured, reading and testing based classes. Some
students felt that the instructor did not provide enough specific instruction, and that there was not
enough class time to finish projects. Suggestions for improvement included allowing for more flexibility
in projects in terms of time as well as topics. Prospective students should know that time outside of
class is often required to finish paintings. Students who wish to improve their painting techniques
should take the course, and will receive good grades according to their improvements.
ART
AS.371.133.02
Painting Workshop I
Barbara Gruber
Overall quality of the class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the enjoyable and relaxed atmosphere, the availability of the
studio, and the demonstrated improvements in painting techniques directly parallel to the amount of
work the student puts into the course. Some students felt that the course took more time than expected
and was hard to fit into their schedules. Some students also felt that the materials were expensive.
Prospective students should demonstrate an interest in painting and be prepared to spend time and
energy on their work. They should also be aware that the supplies are purchased at the students'
expense and are somewhat costly.
AS.371.140.01
Cartooning
Thomas Chalkley
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the individual attention given to each student by the instructor,
interesting assignments and lectures, interesting incorporation of history into the practical aspect of the
course, and the encouragement of each student's development of a unique drawing style. Some
students felt that the historical lectures should be slightly more focused on what is relevant to the
course. Suggestions for improvement included more in detail instruction in drawing techniques for the
inexperienced artists in the class. Prospective students should know that drawing experience is not
required to enjoy the class, though it may be more enjoyable with some experience.
AS.371.150.01
Life Drawing
Craig Hankin
Overall quality of the class: 4.93
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the opportunity to draw from life models, interesting and helpful
assignments, and a relaxed classroom environment that stimulated creativity. Students spoke positively
about the instructor's creativity and ability to challenge them to think differently which stimulated their
artwork. Some students would have preferred more time during class allotted towards critique in order
to improve on what they did wrong. Some students also would have preferred that the class met more
than once a week. Suggestions for improvement include slightly more focus on improvement of
technical skills and having more specific critique sessions of artists' works. Prospective students should
be aware that the class will take a lot of time but is very enjoyable and enhances not only skills in art but
also one's concentration and patience.
ART
AS.371.151.01
Photoshop/Dig Darkroom
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included both the ability to learn the technical aspects of Photoshop
while having the freedom and creativity to create ones' own material and concepts. Students felt that
the instructor was knowledgeable and helpful and used class time effectively. Some students, however,
felt that the class was slightly too large which made it hard to get individual attention from the
instructor. They also felt that sometimes their grade was not based as much on technique as it should
have been. Suggestions for improvement included more basic instruction that students are able to
follow and perform in their own work. Prospective students don't need prior experience in Photoshop to
enjoy and learn a lot from the class, though a considerable amount of work is expected of them.
AS.371.152.01
Introduction to Digital Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the opportunity the class gives to really become comfortable with
a digital camera, an excellent introduction to Photoshop, and the fieldtrips to various locations to shoot
pictures. Some students felt that the lessons on Photoshop were slightly disorganized and lacked
structure, and some felt that they didn't know what was expected of them in assignments. Suggestions
for improvement included allowing more time to print photographs in class and a more organized lesson
plan for introducing Photoshop. Prospective students should be aware that the class focuses more on
Photoshop than the class description would indicate, but remains a fun and interesting introduction to
digital photography.
AS.371.154.01
Introduction to Watercolor
Caroline Ober
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included helpful and constructive critiques of student work, an inspiring
and helpful instructor, and a good introduction into techniques and general ideas of watercolor painting.
Some students felt that the homework was occasionally too demanding and found it difficult to
complete before the deadline. Suggestions for improvement include possibly assigning fewer homework
assignments or allowing students to start them during class. Prospective students are told that the class
is very enjoyable but that it requires a decent amount of time outside of class in order to complete
homework assignments.
ART
AS.371.162.01-02
Black and White: Digital Darkroom
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.37
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the resources available to students, the introduction to
Photoshop that the students receive, a helpful and fun instructor, and a small class size. Some students
felt that the class could occasionally be very time consuming and slightly disorganized. Students also
agreed that issues like printing photos and acquiring tri-pods from the DMC were frustrating and
sometimes costly. Suggestions for improvement include providing more equipment like tripods to the
students. Some students also felt that the cameras for the class were outdated and could do with being
upgraded. Prospective students should be aware that the class is time consuming and that they will have
to pay for prints, but that it is very enjoyable and graded fairly.
AS.371.165.01
Location Photography
Howard Ehrenfeld
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the students' freedom to be creative, the opportunity to travel
around Baltimore to take photos, and the insightful feedback from the instructor. Some students felt
that they needed some prior experience with Photoshop and camera use that they didn't have. They
also felt that printing their photos was sometimes stressful and rushed. Suggestions for improvement
included including a lecture or two introducing the material more including how to work with Mac
computers and the ways to use Photoshop. Students also would prefer a more organized photo printing
schedule so everyone could print their photos on time. Prospective students should know that the class
is very enjoyable but demands a lot of time out of class. Students should be interested in photography,
but don't necessarily require much experience.
AS.371.303.01-02
Documentary Photography
Phyllis Berger
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included an incredible instructor who created an atmosphere of
mentorship and creativity, and the opportunity to visit places around Baltimore to take photos. Guest
visits by other photographers were appreciated and the class size was effective. Some students felt that
class time could have been used slightly more efficiently, because many students were waiting doing
nothing before they received their critiques. Suggestions for improvement included slightly more
guidance in choosing their final project topic and smaller assignments and opportunities to be graded.
Prospective students should be prepared to learn topics by doing, demonstrate an interest in
ART
photography, and have somewhat of a background in Photoshop. It is an enjoyable class but demands
effort and time.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
BEHAVIORAL BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.290.101.01
Human Origins
Peter Holland
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include an enthusiastic, engaging, and helpful instructor, interesting
lectures, helpful Power Points with audio that are uploaded to Blackboard, and a straight-forward,
focused method of teaching. Some students felt that the tests involved too much memorization and
were very difficult and too detail-oriented for an introductory level course. Some students felt that there
were not enough hands ­on assignments to help them learn the material. Suggestions for improvement
included spreading the grade over papers, participation, homework, or projects rather than just for
exams. Some students would have preferred to have more review sessions and practice tests before the
exams. Prospective students should demonstrate interest in the topic and keep up with lectures as well
as do all the reading assigned in order to do well in the class. The class involves a lot of memorizing and
exam questions are very detail-oriented.
AS.290.420.01
Human Sexual Orientation
Chris Kraft
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include an interesting and passionate instructor who engages his
students, the openness of group discussions, and the opportunity to learn unique information
unavailable in most other classes. Some students felt that the grading feedback system was not efficient
enough or detailed enough. Suggestions for improvement included exploring other methods of teaching
rather than just Power Point to keep the class engaged, posting slides and notes online for students to
review after class, and inviting guest speakers. Prospective students should be prepared to write several
papers and pay attention in class. The workload is not especially difficult and grading is fair.
BEHAVIORAL BIOLOGY
AS.290.490.01
Sr. Sem: Behavioral Bio
Peter Holland
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the freedom of the students to be able to direct the content of the
class through their presentations, the variety of topics covered, and the leadership of the instructor.
Some students felt that the course was too early and felt that the class was not long enough to cover all
the topics. Suggestions for improvement included increasing the number of meeting times. Prospective
students should know that the course is very interesting, enjoyable, and a good way to complete the
major.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
BIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.020.104.01
Fresh Sem: From Genes to DNA and Back
E Moudrianakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the class discussions. Students felt that the course topics could be
tedious, and that grading was unclear. Suggested course improvements included shortening the class
length and giving occasional updates on class performance. Future students should be aware that the
course is discussion-based and that grading is based on participation in discussion. Students should also
talk to the professor prior to enrollment to understand the course outline.
AS.020.113.01
Freshmen Seminar: Microbes in the Media
Thomas Cebula
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the student presentations each week. The students also felt that the
professor was very knowledgeable in the course topic. Students felt that the professor could have given
more periodic feedback on their performance in the course. Suggested course improvements included
more feedback from the professor on course work, more class discussion after the student
presentations, and maintaining better control over the class during presentations. Future students
should be aware that the course is mostly oral presentations given by students and that the course work
is very interesting for those with a background in the sciences.
BIOLOGY
AS.020.121.01
Microbial Genomics
Jocelyne Diruggiero
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the course discussions and learning to read scientific journal
articles. Students felt that the course presentations consumed too much time and were repetitive at
times. Suggested course improvements include more variety in the journal article choices, and more
opportunities for grading. Future students should be aware that this course requires a lot of reading and
is comprised primarily of student presentations. Also, students should have some biology background
prior to taking this course.
AS.020.136.01
Phage Hunting II
Emily Fisher, Joel Schildbach
Overall quality of the class: 4.94
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the hands-on lab experience that students received, the small class
size and individual attention from professors, and the independence given to students for their research
projects. Students felt that the time of day at which the class was held was inconvenient. Suggested
course improvements include a more organized class schedule. Future students should know that this
course prepares you for working in a science lab and that this course is highly recommended.
AS.020.152.01
General Biology II
Richard McCarty, Rebecca Pearlman, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included interesting lecture topics, an organized class, the numerous
study materials available to students and the in-class clicker questions. Also, students felt that having
three professors teach one class was useful at times due to the various topics and the professors'
various knowledge bases. Students felt that the Biome assignments were time-consuming and
irrelevant. Students felt frustrated that the course was mostly a memorization-based course and that
there was an excess of material to cover in a short amount of time; they also expressed concern that the
professors were patronizing toward students at times. Suggested course improvements included:
removing or reworking the Biome assignments; slowing down the pace; and having recitation sections.
Future students should be aware that the course is mostly memorization, and that they should attend
lecture.
BIOLOGY
AS.020.154.01-05
General Biology Lab II
Rebecca Pearlman
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the labs themselves which students found engaging and a great
hands-on experience ­ especially the dissection labs. Also, students enjoyed the relatively small class
size. Students felt that the teaching assistants' grading system and knowledge base was inconsistent and
made it difficult for certain labs and lab reports. Students also felt that the due dates for the
assignments were confusing and disorganized. Suggested improvements include standardizing the
grading system to avoid differences in teaching assistants' grading styles, clearer instructions from TAs.
Future students should be aware that there are a lot of dissections, the class can be time consuming,
and they should keep up with the course work by being prepared prior to class.
AS.020.162.01
Biology Workshop II
Rebecca Pearlman
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include a variety of interesting guest speakers and a very manageable
workload. Students felt that the grading system was disorganized and fairly slow. Students also felt that
there were only a few opportunities to improve their grade due to the lack of assignments. Course
improvements suggested by students include a more organized grading system with clearly posted
assignments. Future students should be aware that attendance is a crucial aspect of this course and that
the course is based on lectures given by guest speakers. Future students should also know that the
material was interesting and that the speakers were very knowledgeable in their respective fields of
study.
AS.020.306.01
Cell Biology
Emily Fisher, Myles Hoyt, Rejji Kuruvilla, Kathryn Tifft
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the course summaries, the recitations, the study materials and
resources, and the depth of material that students learn. Students also felt that the professors were
knowledgeable and available to help them understand the material. Students felt that the grading scale
was unfair and that there was an excessive amount of material to cover for a single semester. Students
also felt that the homework was not helpful in exam preparation and that having multiple teachers lead
to inconsistency of teaching style at times. Course improvements suggested by students included
making the homework assignments more relative to the exam questions, to only have one professor for
the course, and to having more practice exams available for studying. Also, students felt strongly that
BIOLOGY
the grading system should be more lenient. Future students should be aware that the course has a
heavy workload and is difficult. Future students should also know that they should do all of the assigned
readings and to use the many study resources available, especially the recitations.
AS.020.312.01
Intro to the Human Brain
Edward Hedgecock
Overall quality of the class: 3.72
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include the student presentations, a very kind and approachable
professor, and a very manageable workload. Also, students felt that the topic of the course was
interesting and found that their freedom of choice with paper topics to study allowed for a wide range
of interests. Students felt that the professor did not give engaging lectures during class time, and was
relatively slow with returning graded assignments. Students also felt that the lectures gave little
incentive to attend class and that the course overall was not very intellectually challenging. Suggested
course improvements included in-class assessments to increase attendance and to make the lectures
more engaging by using a presentation format such as PowerPoint. Future students should be aware
that the course grade is based upon student presentations and papers. Also, prospective students
should know that the course is graded fairly and is not considered difficult.
AS.020.316.01-10
Cell Biology Lab
Robert Horner
Overall quality of the class: 3.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the correlation with the lab course and the lecture course for
cell biology. Also, this course was a very good hands-on learning experience with interesting
experiments and material. Students felt that the teaching assistants were helpful and qualified. Students
felt that the quizzes did not allow them to apply what they had learned, and found them far too difficult.
Students felt that the lab was repetitive and did not always use time efficiently. Course improvements
suggested included a better grading system that allowed for a larger distribution rather than the
majority of each student's grade being determined by the final lab practical; and allowing work to be
completed during waiting periods in experiments. Future students should be aware that students'
grades are largely based upon the final lab practical. Also, they are encouraged to take it at the same
time as the cell biology lecture course, as the courses correlate well.
BIOLOGY
AS.020.332.01
Photosynthesis by Land and Aquatic Organisms
Robert Horner, E Moudrianakis
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included professors that knew the material very well and an interesting
course topic. Students felt that the course did not meet often enough to cover all of the material or
keep students focused. Suggested course improvements included more student-teacher interaction and
more assignments that contributed to the final grade of the course. Future students should be aware
that the course grade is based upon only two exams and that the course requires a lot of out of class
studying and reviewing of materials. Also, prospective students should have a background in
biochemistry prior to taking this course.
AS.020.337.01
Stem Cells & the Biology of Aging & Disease
Barry Zirkin
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a very approachable and likable professor, interesting lectures
and guest lecturers, and the relevance to current stem cell research. Students felt that some of the
lectures were difficult to understand and that the course as a whole was poorly organized. Also,
students felt that there should be more than just two assignments to determine your course grade.
Suggested course improvements included having more assignments count toward the course final
grade, a smaller class size, and posting the lectures online for students to study from. Future students
should be aware that the final grade for this course is based upon two tests, which are mostly essay
questions. Also, prospective students should know that the grading system is fair and to attend all
lectures in order to do well.
AS.020.344.01
Virology
Karen Beemon, Paula Pitha-Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 3.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included enthusiastic and interesting guest lecturers, and interesting
topics with an opportunity to learn a lot of material. Students felt, however, that the tests did not match
the lecture material well. Students also felt that the professors were not effective lecturers and were
very difficult to understand. Suggested course improvements included having more guest lecturers and
to have access to more study resources, such as practice exams. Future students should know that the
course is very manageable with a reasonable workload and that the textbook is a good study resource.
BIOLOGY
AS.020.346.01
Immunobiology
Michael Edidin
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included interesting subject material, a very engaging and interesting
professor, and a helpful and informative textbook. Students felt that the lectures were hard to follow
and disorganized. Course improvements included preparing a lecture outline for study purposes, and
more homework assignments to help students prepare for exams. Future students should be aware that
this course is challenging and is more difficult than most other biology electives.
AS.020.347.01
AIDS
Trina Schroer
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included interesting subject material and the relevance to current
research material. Students felt that the lectures were disorganized. Course improvements suggested by
students included more graded assignments toward the overall course grade and to have more
homework assignments in order to better prepare for exams. Future students should be aware that the
exams are challenging and that the questions on the exams are based mostly on the lecture material.
AS.020.363.01
Developmental Biology
Xin Chen, Mark Van Doren
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included professors who were interesting, organized and passionate
about the subject. Also, students found the course material to be interesting, the podcasts to be very
helpful when studying, and the exams to be fair. Students felt that the professors' handwriting were
difficult to read when taking class notes. Students also felt that having no homework assignments made
it more difficult to prepare for exams. Suggested course improvements included more practice tests or
outside of class assignments to prepare for exams. Future students should be aware that the course
grade is based upon three exam grades and that the course is fair and challenging.
BIOLOGY
AS.020.370.01
Emerging Strategies and Applications in Biomedical Research
Samer Hattar
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included learning interesting and practical techniques and technology.
Students also felt the professor was very enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the subject. Students
felt that the grading system was slow and disorganized. Suggested course improvements included a
more organized grading system. Future students should be aware that it is helpful to have a background
in biology and neuroscience when enrolling in this course.
AS.020.373.01-04
Developmental Biology Lab
Carolyn Norris
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the very interesting experiments and labs, which were hands on and
complemented the lecture course well. Students felt that the labs did not go as planned some of the
time, which was frustrating and made assignments more difficult to complete. Students also felt that the
feedback on assignments from the teaching assistants was slow and sometimes not helpful. Suggested
course improvements included more feedback from the teaching assistant and lab instructor.
Prospective students should know to prepare for experiments prior to class.
AS.020.376.01
Molecular Evolution
Kyle Cunningham
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the student presentations and a very enthusiastic and
knowledgeable professor. Students felt that some lectures were not very interesting and that the
grading system was a little unclear. Suggested course improvements included having more than one
student presentation a day and having more class discussion. Future students should be aware that the
course is composed of student presentations, lectures and one midterm exam.
BIOLOGY
AS.020.442.01
Mentoring In Biology
Rebecca Pearlman, Richard Shingles
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included helping other students and learning to teach biology to
underclassmen. Students felt that some mentors were not as involved or interested as others. Course
improvements included making attendance to all sessions mandatory to encourage more students to
get involved. Future students should know that being a mentor is not a large time commitment and that
it is very rewarding.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.580.112.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the ability to work independently with a small group
and work on real life projects. Some students thought there was a lot of work, while others felt
the quizzes were unnecessary and didn't reinforce the material covered in the lectures.
Suggested course improvements included more comprehensive feedback on work submitted
and more relevant lectures, while others felt no improvements were needed. Prospective
students should know that this course involves a lot of work, but is very interesting and requires
commitment.
EN.580.200.01
Introduction to Scientific Computing in BME using Python, Matlab and R
Michael Beer
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
The best aspects of this course included the learning of three different programming languages
and the application of the knowledge gained. The worst aspects of the course were the amount
of material covered was done at a much faster rate than considered effective for learning an
introductory class. Suggested course improvements included more examples of scientific
computing problems during class and going over how to attack them. Also, allowing time during
class for the students to try out the new concepts taught and ask if they have any problems.
Prospective students should know this class does take up a lot of time, and grading can
sometimes be tough. It is very helpful to utilize your TA's, because if you are stuck somewhere,
it could take hours before you figure it out yourself. Also, A previous background in
programming helps, but it is not necessary.
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.202.01
BME in the Real World
Aleksander Popel
Overall quality of the class: 3.66
The best aspects of this course included an interesting look into what you can do with a BME
degree and lectures from individuals in various fields. The worst aspects of the course were the
time of the class in late afternoon on Mondays and sometimes the class was cancelled without
warning. Suggested course improvements included a clear outline of assignments for the
semester and more audience interaction with the speakers, though some students felt the
course did not need any changes. Prospective students should know this class has a lighter
workload, but is very helpful for seeing the types of occupations and life paths that a BME can
take.
EN.580.212.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
The best aspects of this course included real world design experience and learning project
management. The worst aspects of the course were the large amount of work and quizzes do
not relate to the projects at all. Suggested course improvements noted were instead of lectures
to have more meeting times. Prospective students should be prepared for lots of work outside
of class, but you learn a lot.
EN.580.222.01-06
Systems and Controls
Michael Miller, Sridevi Sarma, Rene Vidal
Overall quality of the class: 4.37
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were Dr. Miller's intuitive teaching and Dr. Sarma's
organizational skill. The TA's were considered, for the most part, very good and actually cared
about the student's progress in the course. The weakest aspects of this course were the lengthy
homework assignments and the steep learning curve for the first few weeks, but this is was
considered understandable since it is a BME class. Some students found Dr. Miller's lectures
hard to follow. Suggested course improvements included more effective/difficult examples for
controls done in class and more feedback on the homework would be helpful. Also, homework
that matches up with the lecture, and more step-by-step explanations in the first half of the
course. Prospective students should know this is a pretty tough course, but always interesting
and they should have knowledge of Linear Algebra and Differential Equations. Talk with the TA's
and professors because they might offer unique perspectives that may come up in tests outside
of class.
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.223.01-06
Models & Simulations
Michael Beer; Aleksander Popel
Overall quality of the class: 3.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the clear applications of the course material, one
instructor's generous curve to a B+, and online lecture notes. Many students agreed that Dr.
Beer's lectures were poorly presented, the homework was time consuming, and that switching
professors in the middle of the semester made things more difficult. Suggestions for
improvement included having more time to prepare for tests and having a podcast of the
lectures to look back on since there was no textbook. Prospective students should know that
this is a very time consuming and difficult course. Prior knowledge of differential equations,
linear algebra, physics, and MATLAB is recommended.
EN.580.312.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the teamwork aspect and the experience gained from
the hands-on engineering. Many students agreed that the lectures and quizzes were unhelpful,
there were too many presentations required, and that more feedback was needed. Suggestions
for improvement included eliminating quizzes and having more helpful lectures. Prospective
students should know that this is very time consuming. The experience and contacts gained
make this class recommended for all BMEs.
EN.580.404.01
The Bionic Ear: an odyssey from profound deafness to possible hearing
John Ratnanather
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's personality and the quality of his
lectures. The majority of the responses stated that there were no negative aspects of the
course. More than half of the responses for suggested improvement also had nothing to change;
a few wished to include more guest lecturers. Prospective students should know that this is a
very interesting class and a great one credit class to take.
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.412.01
BME Design Group
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the teamwork aspect and the experience gained from
the hands-on engineering. Many students agreed that the lectures weren't helpful, there were
too many presentations required, and that more feedback was needed. Suggestions for
improvement included having less lectures and more helpful judges. Prospective students
should know that this is very time consuming and shouldn't take a heavy load when taking this
course since most of the work is done outside of the class.
EN.580.414.01
Design Team/Team Leader
Robert Allen
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the design, team, leadership, and project management
aspects. Many students agreed that the judges were not helpful, and that more time was
needed. Suggestions for improvement included organizing the class better and having better
feedback from instructors and judges. Prospective students should know that this is very time
consuming, but the leadership skills gained make this class recommended for all BMEs.
EN.580.420.01
Build-a-Genome
Joel Bader; Jef Boeke
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands on aspect and great structure. Some of
students agreed, however, that the work became repetitive. Suggestions for improvement
included having less lectures and more lab time. Prospective students should know that this
class requires a significant amount of lab time. It is a good class for underclassman, but may be
basic for upperclassmen.
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.422.01-04.
Systems Bioengineering II
Eileen Haase, Xiaoqin Wang
Overall quality of this course: 3.87
The best aspects of the course were the materials and lectures were considered very interesting,
along with the wide range of relevant topics including a very general background on all aspects
of neuroscience. The worst aspects of the course were the many professors and what they
taught does not connect logically to what other professors taught, along with the vast amount
of material to cover in an exam hour. Exams are also ridiculously detailed and badly designed.
Suggestions for improving the class is to limit the professors, make homework questions related
to concept taught in class and focusing on making the material flow together. Also, have TAs
know what is on the tests so they can advise focusing on certain topics.
Future students should know that it's a lot of work and memorization is important, and make
sure you keep up with the lectures.
EN.580.424.01-04
Systems Bioengineering Lab
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
Students thought that the labs themselves were interesting and fun, especially the frog
dissections. The weakest aspect of this course was the organization: guidelines and grading
schema were not clear to students, and they did not feel that they received adequate feedback
on their work. Suggestions for improvement were to give more detailed lab instructions along
with grading rubrics, and to place a heavier weight on lab assignments in the final course grade.
Prospective students are told that the setup is similar to SBE Lab I, and that they should
familiarize themselves with the pre-lab materials as much as possible before labs.
EN.580.442.01
Tissue Engineering
Jennifer Elisseeff, Warren Grayson
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting topics covered and the incorporation of
guest lecturers. The weakest aspects of the course were the poor transition between
instructors, and the unclear expectations with regard to the exams. Suggestions for
improvement included putting more detailed information on lecture slides so that they can be
study aids, and post summaries of what will be covered on the exams. Prospective students are
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
told that attendance is randomly taken, and that there is a lot of memorization required for
exams, as well as a final paper.
EN.580.448.01
Biomechanics of the Cell
Alexander Spector, Sean Sun
Overall quality of the class: 3.47
Summary:
Students appreciated the fact that this course had a moderate workload and that the material
itself was interesting. Some students felt that lectures did not effectively explain topics, and
without reference materials, they were confused. Suggestions for improvement were to have
more collaboration between the two professors, and to slow down and cover topics in more
depth during lecture. Prospective students are told that the workload is somewhat low, but the
material is difficult. Backgrounds in thermodynamics and statistics may be helpful for students
who plan to enroll.
EN.580.452.01-02
Cell and Tissue Engineering Lab
Eileen Haase
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the varied and interesting topics and the hands-on
experience students received working with many lab techniques. Some students felt there was
not enough time to complete labs and that lab grading was slow and inconsistent. Suggestions
for improvement included making lab directions and expectations more clear and allowing more
time for labs, as well as setting aside time to go over concepts and answer questions. Future
students should know that this is a very interesting course. Students should take care in learning
the lab techniques and work on the reports ahead of time.
EN.580.456.01
Introduction to Rehabilitation Engineering
Scott Paul
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the wide variety of topics introduced and interesting
guest lectures. Some students felt the lectures differed too greatly from one another and that
they did not receive substantial instruction as many lectures were not closely related to the
topic. Suggestions for improvement included providing more direction for projects and
incorporating more field trips to rehabilitation centers. Future students should know that this
class involves a semester-long project and a term paper, which require a lot of preparation and
work, but that the overall workload is fairly light.
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.466.01
Statistical Methods in Imaging
Bruno Jedynak
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the supportive professor's organized presentation of the
interesting but challenging material. Some students felt too much time was spent discussing
theory and that too few examples were presented. Suggestions for improvement included
presenting more examples and practical demonstrations in class to better explain the material.
Future students should have a strong background in probability and statistics and be aware that
the course involves a lot of computing.
EN.580.488.01
Foundations of Computational Biology and Bioinformatics II
Rachel Karchin
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the relevant and useful material as well as the
educational homework assignments and final project. The worst aspects included the disconnect
between lectures and homework assignments and the inconsistent level of difficulty.
Suggestions for improvement included changing the schedule of assignments and prefacing
practical sessions with more in-depth lectures. Prospective students should have a strong
background in programming and applied mathematics, and be aware that though there are no
exams in this class, the workload is heavy.
EN.580.491.01
Learning Theory
Reza Shadmehr
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material, knowledgeable professor, and
challenging but educational homework assignments. Some students felt some lectures were
more organized and comprehensible than others. Suggestions for improvement included
organizing lectures towards the end of the semester more and incorporating different graded
assignments, like a term project, as opposed to having all homework assignments graded and
instead letting some of them be used for practice. Future students should be very comfortable
with MATLAB and other programming, and should be aware that there are two homework
assignments every week.
BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING
EN.580.606.01
The Business of Bioengineering Innovation and Design
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
This class had five or fewer comments.
EN.580.612.01
Medical Device Design and Innovation
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
This class had five or fewer comments.
EN.580.620.01
Principles and Practice of Global Health Innovation and Design
Soumyadipta Acharya
Overall quality of the class: 3.20
Summary:
This class had five or fewer comments.
EN.580.642.01
Tissue Engineering
Jennifer Elisseeff, Warren Grayson
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included current and modern discussion, clear and organized
Power Point presentations, guest lectures, and a variety of topics. Some students felt that the
lectures were occasionally vague and were hard to understand especially when the instructors
used the blackboard. The second half of the course wasn't very quantitative. Suggestions for
improvement included more coordination between the two instructors and having more of a
focus on key facts and concepts rather than memorizing minute details. Prospective students
are told that it is a valuable overview of tissue engineering background and issues. It involves a
decent amount of outside work, involves few exams, and covers and wide range of subjects.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
BIOPHYSICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.250.106.01
Intro Biomed Rsch/Careers 1
P. Huang
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting speakers and the opportunity to have
dinner with them. Students were able to learn about the different kinds of research conducted
at Hopkins. Students felt that the final paper was hard and that the time the class was held was
inconvenient. Suggestions for improvement included shortening the paper, having more class
participation and changing the time the class is offered. Prospective students should know that
the term paper is the entire grade and that the class is a great way to explore the different kinds
of research and options that students have at Hopkins.
AS.250.205.01
Introduction to Computing
Carolyn Fitch
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included learning three different computer interfaces and
gaining a strong introduction to programming. Students felt that since this was a pilot course, it
has room for improvement. Students felt that there were a lot of assignments that were
sometimes confusing and took a lot of time. Suggestions for improvements included having a
TA and a longer class period. Prospective students should know that the class is time consuming
and that they will have to do work outside of class in the computer lab.
BIOPHYSICS
AS.250.265.01
Introduction to Bioinformatics
Patrick Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting labs and lectures. Students were able to
learn about a wide range of topics. Students felt that they had to memorize a lot of information
and then only needed small details from their notes on the tests. Suggestions for improvement
included having more background information, such as readings, and lectures. Prospective
students should know that the course is fun and interesting but that it helps to have a
background in biology.
AS.250.307.01
Biochemistry
Patrick Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.85
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class sizes and interesting lectures and labs.
The instructor is passionate about the subject and taught the class in an innovative way.
Students felt that the class rushed through the material and that having quizzes once a week
was not always effective. Some students felt that the homework was not useful. Suggestions for
improvement included having tests so that the students actually learned the material and
including more lectures. Prospective students should know that the instructor is great, that they
should read the lecture notes, and that there is a lot of reading.
AS.250.372.01
Intro Biophysical Chem
Doug Barrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary
The best aspects of this course included the lectures and the broad range of topics covered. The
instructor was very engaging and taught students how to apply concepts to real life. Students
felt that the homework could become very tedious, especially when using Mathematica.
Suggestions for improvement included adding another class section to work on problems and
using more Mathematica. Prospective students should know that the instructor is a good
lecturer and that it is helpful to know biochemistry and calculus.
BIOPHYSICS
AS.250.401.01
Advanced Seminar in Structural and Physical Virology
Bertrand Garcia-Moreno
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the instructor, who taught students how to think about
biology. Students felt that there was a lot of reading and homework, and that the instructor was
not clear about his expectations. Suggestions for improvement included spending less time on
group presentations and receiving more feedback from the instructor. Prospective students
should know that the class is interesting and emphasizes thinking instead of memorization.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: ARABIC
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.375.116.02-03
First Year Arabic II
Fadel Abdallah, Khalil Tahrawi
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include patient and helpful instructors that formed individual
relationships with the students, good opportunities for grading, and the pace of the class that allowed
for a solid introduction into the Arabic language. Some students felt that the class was disorganized.
Suggestions for improvement include more structure in class, more review of vocabulary, and more
cumulative tests so that information like vocabulary is retained. Prospective students should
demonstrate a large interest and need for the use of the Arabic language. It is difficult and time
consuming, but the grading is fair. Attendance is very important.
AS.375.216.01-02
Second Year Arabic II
Fadel Abdallah
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the excellent instructor, the opportunity to learn more about the
Arabic culture, and the in-class conversations. Some students felt that their conversational Arabic did
not improve much and wished that the class met for a longer time. They also felt that it was difficult to
learn the vocabulary at the rate that was expected of them. Suggestions for improvement included more
focused and useful assignments in grammar and vocabulary, and more freedom with speaking in class.
Prospective students should have a background in Arabic, attend every class, and be ready to put in a lot
of time outside of class to learn the material. Self- motivated students will perform better in the class,
but the instructors are always ready and willing to assist. It is a good continuation of Arabic I without too
many differences.
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: ARABIC
AS.375.302.01
Third Year Arabic II
Khalil Tahrawi
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include a dedicated and helpful instructor, the in-class conversations, and
the inclusion of current news in the class. Some students felt that some of the concepts, especially in
grammar, were too elementary for a third year class and would have preferred less review. They also
felt that the course lacked organization. Suggestions for improvement included more in-class discussion,
more exercises pertaining to the current news, and more structure in the syllabus. Prospective students
are told that they must put in the time and effort in order to do well in the class and learn the Arabic,
but with this effort they will receive a good grade.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: CHINESE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.373.112.01-02
First Year Heritage Chinese II
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.95
Summary:
Students felt that the instructor was very energetic and concerned with students' progress; this was
cited as the best aspect of the course. The worst aspect of the course was the large number of quizzes.
Suggestions for improvement included having quizzes only once a week, and more diversity in class
activities. Prospective students should be prepared to study every day for this course.
AS.373.116.01-03
First Year Chinese II
Lu Li, Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the passionate instructors and the helpful in-class practice with the
language. Some students had difficulty managing the heavy workload and frequent quizzes. Suggestions
for improvement included moving a little more slowly through the material. Prospective students should
know that the grading for this course is fairly easy, but it is a lot of work.
AS.373.212.01-02
Second Year Heritage Chinese II
Aiguo Chen
Overall quality of the class: 3.61
Summary:
Students enjoyed going to class because the instructor was energetic and enthusiastic. Some students
were frustrated with the course's unclear expectations and with the heavy emphasis on quizzes in terms
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: CHINESE
of grading. The main suggestion for improvement was to proceed more slowly with learning new
vocabulary in order to truly cement it into students' minds. Prospective students should be ready for a
heavy workload, with up to 100 new words and phrases to memorize each week.
AS.373.216.01-02
Second Year Chinese II
Aiguo Chen, Nan Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the instructors, who were both encouraging and demanding of
students. The worst aspects of the course were the heavy workload and fast pace. Suggestions for
improvement included making the class size smaller, and giving more detailed explanations of grammar
(instead of expecting an intuitive understanding). Prospective students should be prepared to study
almost daily.
AS.373.316.01
Third Year Chinese II
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
Many students stated that the instructor for this course was the best language teacher they have had at
Johns Hopkins. They appreciated the practice with oral presentations and the enthusiastic classroom
atmosphere. The worst aspects of the course were the sometimes ambiguous exam expectations and
the ineffective textbook. Suggestions for improvement included a better textbook and a smaller class
size. Prospective students are told that third year Chinese is slightly less demanding than second year
Chinese, but still requires ample outside work.
AS.373.416.01
Fourth Year Chinese II
Liman Lievens
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
Students were pleased that the professor was so enthusiastic and that they received so much individual
attention in this course. They felt that the casual discussions helped them to expand on their ability to
use Chinese at an everyday level. The weakest aspect of the course was the lack of a defined syllabus
and exam schedule. Suggestions for improvement included scheduling exams ahead of time so students
can plan their semester. Prospective students should know that this course is geared toward students
who are already comfortable with the Chinese language and that they should not expect rigorous
reviews of grammar and structure.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: HEBREW
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.384.216.01
Second Year Modern Hebrew II
Zvi Cohen
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: HINDI
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.381.102.01-02
Beginning Hindi II
Uma Saini
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the instructor who was personable, understandable, and
engaging, the interesting material, and the fair grading system. Some students felt that the course
sometimes strayed from the syllabus and would have preferred it to be more faithful to a schedule.
Suggestions for improvement included pacing the class more evenly with workload. Prospective
students should be aware that the class is enjoyable and very interesting. It becomes more difficult
towards the end, and students must pay attention and do their homework to do well.
AS.381.202.01
Intermediate Hindi II
Uma Saini
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: JAPANESE
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.378.116.01-02
First Year Japanese II
Mayumi Johnson, Makiko Nakao
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the small class size, in-class conversation practicing Japanese, and
the instructors' abilities to engage the entire class. Some students felt that the workload was particularly
heavy and the grading very harsh. Suggestions for improvement included giving one quiz a week instead
of two and making the grading slightly less strict. Prospective students should be aware that the class
meets five times a week and demands a lot of effort and studying. There are no curves, and missing a
class will put you behind.
AS.378.216.02
Second Year Japanese II
Satoko Katagiri
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the dedication of the instructor to all the students' learning, the
in-class conversation, and the divisions of grammar and vocabulary lessons that help develop all aspects
of language skills. Some students felt that the grading system was too strict, and that they did not get
enough opportunity to practice reading or study Japanese culture. Suggestions for improvement include
implementing a less harsh grading system, more review of basic concepts, and more methods of
teaching Japanese like videos and field trips. Prospective students should be prepared for a heavy
workload and time commitment, including bi-weekly quizzes and dense homework. If the commitment
is put in, the student will see the benefits in their knowledge of Japanese.
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: JAPANESE
AS.378.316.01
Third Year Japanese II
Satoko Katagiri
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.378.397.01
Fundamentals of Japanese Grammar
Mayumi Johnson
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: KOREAN
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course.
Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.380.102.01
First Year Korean II
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.3
The best aspects of this course included the entertaining textbook and friendly teacher. Students
appreciated the opportunity to learn Korean culture, in addition to the language, in this class. The worst
aspects of this course included the focus on the textbook and lack of speaking practice. Suggestions for
improving the course include having more speaking practice and more resources for learning outside of
the classroom, like language corner sessions. Future students should be prepared to memorize large
amounts of vocabulary and spend time studying outside of class.
AS.380.202.01
Second Year Korean II
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.380.302.01
Third Year Korean II
Choonwon Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
The best aspects of this course included the professor's commitment to her students' success and the
opportunity to learn about Korean culture. Students enjoyed being exposed to Korean in a variety of
forms, including by reading classic Korean literature. The worst aspects of this course included the
disparity between different students' language abilities. Suggestions for improving this course include
more focus on writing instead of reading. Future students should be assured that although students in
this course have differing language abilities, grading is very fair.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: PERSIAN
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course.
Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.382.101.01
Beginning Persian I
Dariush Dehghan
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
The class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: RUSSIAN
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.377.132.01
Elementary Russian II
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include the enthusiastic and helpful instructor and the variety of
pedagogical methods. Students especially appreciated the individual attention they received from the
instructor. Some students felt that there were too many quizzes and tests. Suggestions for improvement
included spacing out tests and quizzes and doing more oral exercises. Prospective students should know
that the class is more difficult than Elementary Russian I, but that the quality of the instructor outweighs
the challenge. The class will require a lot of outside work, but is taught very effectively.
AS.377.209.01
Advanced Russian Grammar
Annalisa Czeczulin
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.377.210.01
Russian Conversation & Composition
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
CENTER FOR LANGUAGE EDUCATION: RUSSIAN
AS.377.318.01
Chekov and the Short Story
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the lively and helpful instructor and the in-class discussions.
Some students felt that there wasn't enough individual feedback. Suggestions for improvement included
limiting the amount of attention paid to grammar. Prospective students should be prepared to do a lot
of reading and analyzing. Students can expect to gain an appreciation for Russian literature.
AS.377.396.01
Senior Seminar II: Soviet Satire
Olya Samilenko
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.540.202.01-02
Introduction to Chemical & Biological Process Analysis
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 3.48
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was that the topics were interesting and relevant. The worst aspects of
the course were that the instructor was not effective and did not plan for lecture. Many students felt the
class was disorganized and the homework assignments covered topics not taught during lecture or
section. Suggestions for improvement would be to use the older textbook and to have slightly easier
homework problems. Prospective students should take note that this class is a lot of work with difficult
assignments and that physics, chemistry, and calculus knowledge are necessary. Overall, students agree
the class is very interesting and a good representative class for future chemical engineers.
EN.540.203.02
Engineering Thermodynamics
Sai Prakash
Overall quality of the class: 2.51
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the discussion sections and the teaching assistants. Students felt
that while the homework assignments were difficult, the TAs were available for help and in the end the
assignments were beneficial for exams. The worst aspects of this course were that lectures were
disorganized, the professor was hard to follow and understand, tests were unpredictable, and the
material was confusing. Suggestions for improvement would be to have more practice problems and to
thoroughly go over them before exams. Prospective students should be prepared to work hard and
teach themselves a lot of the material. However, current students agree that the grading is fair and if
the work is put in, it is possible to excel.
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.301.01
Kinetic Processes
Honggan Cui
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were that the professor conveyed the material well and that the exams
cover the material learned in class. The worst aspect of this course was that the homework assignments
were often long and difficult. Improvements to this course could be found in shorter, less weighted, less
time-consuming assignments. Prospective students should take note that the class is mostly conceptual
based and it is necessary to stay on top of work.
EN.540.301.02
Kinetic Processes
An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 4.02
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were that the professor was organized and made the material
approachable and understandable, the exams were fair, and homework assignments were relevant. The
worst aspects of this course were that the material was difficult and there was a lot of computer
programming required despite the class not being a programming course. Suggestions for improvement
would be to cut down the homework, to shorten exams, and to thoroughly explain the software
necessary for completing assignments. Prospective students should expect to spend a lot of time on
homework and to attend class in order to understand material.
EN.540.303.01
Transport Phenomena I
Sai Prakash
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were that the material is very interesting and the professor teaches well
while also providing great online notes. The worst aspect of this course was that there are few exams ­
only one midterm ­ so grades are based on very little. Suggestions to improve the class would be to
increase the number of exams and to have notes available before class for preparation. Prospective
students should take note that reading ahead and starting early on assignments will be the best way to
succeed in this course.
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.303.02
Transport Phenomena I
K Konstantopoulos
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was that the professor is a great lecturer with an effective teaching style.
The worst aspects of this course were that there is only one midterm, which if performed poorly on, can
destroy your grade, and that the material itself is incredibly challenging. Suggestions for improvement
would be to increase the number of midterms. Prospective students should take note that it is easy to
fall behind if the key concepts are not fully understood; however, if you pay attention and keep up with
the work, it is a great class.
EN.540.306.01
Chem & Bio Separation
Michael Betenbaugh
Overall quality of this course: 3.34
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included interesting, straightforward, accessible material taught by a
personable instructor. Some students, however, found the material hard to follow. While engaging,
some students disliked the instructor's relaxed teaching style, struggled when he was absent more than
a few times, and felt unprepared for the two major exams. Suggestions for improvement included
following a different teaching approach, which may include more explicitly written directions and
feedback regarding assignments and exams. Future students should know that class is fun but requires
students to understand the coursework in depth; understanding homework assignments, attending all
the lectures, and reading ahead helped self-motivated and prepared students to stay on top of the
material.
EN.540.314.01
Chem Eng Product/Process Design
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included freedom to choose any product and design any material.
Students found the instructors knowledgeable and helpful. Students preferred either the process or
product design aspect of the course, and felt that the instructor allocated too little time to one or the
other. They also expressed frustration with Aspen, including the amount of time spent on it which was
viewed as too little. Suggestions for improvement included teaching the material over the span of more
than one course and changing the order in which the material was presented. Prospective students
should start early on everything and prepare for lots of work.
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.314.02
Chem Eng Product/Process Design
An Goffin
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included availability of and interaction with the professor. Researching
and marketing independently designed products provided students with a practical business application
of chemical engineering. The worst aspects of the course included the very open assignments, which
made it difficult for some students to manage their time efficiently. Suggestions for improvement
included more guidance on applications and the design process, along with rubrics for presentations and
memos. Future students should expect to mostly work outside of class in groups. This course is
challenging but rewarding, and success is contingent on a strong group dynamic.
EN.540.314.03
Chem Eng Product/Process Design
Sai Prakash
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
The best aspects of this course included working independently in a team setting and gaining Aspen
experience. Several students found the lectures long and unhelpful. Suggestions for improvement
included better organization and scheduling by professors, along with a stronger focus on the process
design. Prospective students should choose their groups carefully and also expect to do extensive
independent research.
EN.540.314.04
Chem Eng Product/Process Design
Lise Dahuron
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on experience and this course allows for a lot of
creativity, as groups can work together on a project they are truly passionate about. The worst aspects
of the course included group work which was really tough and annoying at times sometimes, especially
when with small sections so students have fewer options when choosing their group. The free rein
makes it harder for you to motivate group mates and scheduling with group mates can be difficult at
times. Suggestions for improvement included making the course a year-long class, and actually
including a production component may strengthen the course both in terms of intellectual challenges
and importance. Future students should know the course is a lot of work, so make sure you have a good
group.
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.403.01
Colloids and Nanoparticles
Michael Bevan
Overall quality of the class: 3.61
The best aspects of this course included the resources and citations throughout the lectures which
represent the scope and application of nanotechnology across many fields. The course provides a good
amount of relevant context, which isn't covered in core courses, for students who are doing research in
nano-particle fields. The worst aspects of the course included the flexibility which can often backfire,
making it difficult sometimes to know what's expected. Not a lot of feedback was given, which meant it
had to be individually requested from the professor. Suggestions for improvement included more
feedback as the course progressed and better communication of what is expected for the paper and
projects would be useful as well. Future students should know the material is very interesting, but
choose a topic that you are very interested in for the projects/papers! Also, if a student wants to know
why they received a certain grade, they have to approach the professor individually.
EN.540.414.01
Computational Protein Structure Prediction
Jeffrey Gray
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
Students appreciated the experience with programming and the weekly workshops; they also felt that
lectures were effectively conducted and covered contemporary material. Complaints about the course
centered on the high level of difficulty and the heavy workload. Suggestions for improvement were
more focus on the programming, and more separation between undergrads and graduate students.
Prospective students are told that this course is very difficult but has fair grading, and that they will be
using Python extensively, so some prior familiarity with it may be helpful.
EN.540.437.01
Application of Molecular Evolution to Biotechnology
Marc Ostermeier
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
Students felt that the lectures for this course were well-paced and easy to follow, and that the material
covered in the course was both interesting and useful. One complaint was that the course grade was too
heavily dependent on the midterm and final exams, and that there was not enough opportunity for
feedback and reinforcement of the material. Suggestions for improvement included more homework
assignments or practice problems, eliminating the graduate student presentations, and giving some
grading weight to homework. Prospective students are told that it is imperative to do the readings and
that there is very little homework. A background in biochemistry is helpful.
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.440.01
Micro/Nanotechnology: The Science and Engineering of Small Structures
David Gracias
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the labs and the exposure to cutting-edge technology. The worst
aspect of the course was the heavy reading load. Suggestions for improvement included offering course
notes to help clarify the readings, and to give students more time to familiarize themselves with the
topics. Prospective students are told that this is a good elective course for the nanotechnology
concentration, and that students will learn most by putting effort into the labs.
EN.540.463.01
Current Topics: Biochemistry and Biophysics of Cancer
K Konstantopoulos
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.464.01
Current Topics: The Statistical Mechanics of Malignant Neoplasm
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.477.01
Current Topics in Transport and Interfacial Phenomena: Electrokinetics
German Drazer, Joelle Frechette, Zachary Gagnon
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students appreciated the opportunity to discuss papers on different topics at high levels of specificity,
and felt that the course had a good intellectual challenge. Some students felt frustrated that so many of
the topics were outside their area of knowledge. A suggestion for improvement was to better emphasize
class participation. Prospective students are told that the course is centered on journal articles, so
students should be eager to review many different topics in detail.
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.480.01
Current Topics in Eukaryotic Cell Biotechnology Part II
Michael Betenbaugh
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the opportunity to learn about other projects in the lab and the
hands-on experience available. Students felt that the course was disorganized and there was not very
much personal contact with the professor. A suggestion for improvement was to give students more
structured assignments and more background information. Prospective students are told that this
course is fairly easy and requires 7 hours per week of lab work, but also an outside commitment to
prepare the presentations.
EN.540.522.01
Independent Research
Michael Betenbaugh
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.603.01
Colloids and Nanoparticles
Michael Bevan
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity for students to research topics that interested
them and were also related to the material for papers and presentations, and that there were no exams.
Some students felt that they did not receive substantial feedback on their writing and that assignment
guidelines were too vague. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating a group paper
assignment instead of another individual paper into the curriculum and stating expectations and
instructions for assignments more clearly. Future students should know that this class is has a light
workload and thus the amount you learn is ultimately determined by the effort you put in, though the
material is very interesting. Students are advised to start working on their papers early.
EN.540.614.01
Computational Protein Structure Prediction
Jeffrey Gray
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
CHEMICAL AND BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING
EN.540.637.01
Application of Molecular Evolution to Biotechnology
Marc Ostermeier
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures and interesting reading assignments.
Some students felt the feedback they received on homework was not helpful and that the challenging,
dense material made the long readings hard to get through. Suggestions for improvement included
incorporating more homework assignments or creating class note sheets. Prospective students should
know that though the workload is very manageable this class is challenging, and background in biology,
particularly molecular biology, would be valuable.
EN.540.640.01
Micro/Nanotechnology: The Science and Engineering of Small Structures
David Gracias
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.540.645.01
Intro to Research in Micro and Nanotechnology
David Gracias
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
CHEMISTRY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.030.102.01
Introductory Chemistry II
Paul Dagdigian
Overall quality of the class: 3.41
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the use of OWL and the lectures.
Students agreed that the professor was approachable and helpful during office hours; however,
students did not enjoy the difficulty of the exams and thought that the Power Point slide-format
of the lectures was inefficient. Suggestions for improvement include posting practice test
answer keys, eliminating Power Point-based lectures, and giving more examples during class.
Prospective students should know that the tests are difficult and that students will have to study
on their own a lot.
AS.030.102.02
Introductory Chemistry II
Kenneth Karlin
Overall quality of the class: 3.12
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the use of OWL and the availability of
lecture notes online. Students also agreed that the tests were very fair and straightforward.
However, students did not enjoy the lectures, which they felt were boring and unorganized,
noting that the professor himself seemed uninterested in them. Suggestions for improvement
include having a section so students can ask questions and having more enthusiastic lectures.
Prospective students should know that students must study hard to do well on exams and that
the practice tests in the textbooks are useful in preparing for the exams.
CHEMISTRY
AS.030.106.01-06
Intro Chemistry Lab
Louise Pasternack
Overall quality of the class: 3.49
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the hands-on learning, practical lab experience, and
interesting labs. Students also found that the labs correlated to class lectures well and
complemented Introduction to Chemistry well. The worst aspects of this class were that it
required a lot of time and a massive amount of work for only 1 credit. Also students commented
that grading could be unfair, harsh, and at times confusing. Suggestions for improvement
included making the class worth more than 1 credit or decreasing the work load, and having
more in-class feedback from the professor. Prospective students should be aware that this class
is very time consuming with lengthy weekly assignments, despite the fact it is only worth 1
credit.
AS.030.200.01
Analytical Chemistry
Meredith Cline
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the small size ­ this allowed for participation between
students and the professor. The worst aspect of the class was that some useful and important
topics in the field were not covered. The class could be improved by more interactive teaching
materials. Prospective students should know that it is an interesting course for any students
interested in chemistry, regardless of their level of background knowledge.
AS.030.206.01
Intro Organic Chem II
Lawrence Principe
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the interesting, engaging lectures and a passionate professor.
The worst aspects of the class were the difficulty of exams, the weight of exams towards the
final grade, and the professor's lack of accessibility. The course could be improved by giving
more practice problems and improving communication between TAs and the professor.
Prospective students should know that it is important to keep up with the material know that
grades are based almost exclusively on exams. It is important to do a lot of practice problems.
CHEMISTRY
AS.030.206.02
Intro Organic Chem II
Christopher Falzone
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
Summary:
The strongest aspects of this class were the conference, practice exams and problems, and the
grading system. The worst aspects of this class were the course difficulty and the poor quality of
lectures. The class would be improved by slowing the pace of the course and making exams less
difficult. Prospective students should know that it is important to keep up with the material and
read the textbook frequently.
AS.030.225.01-05
Intro Organic Chem Lab
Jane Greco
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the hands-on lab experience, the
professor, and the TA. Students agreed that the professor and TA's were generally helpful;
however, students did not enjoy the time-consuming nature of the work and felt that the
workload was too heavy. Suggestions for improvement include neutralizing the grade curve
among the different TA's and improving the clarity of directions. Prospective students should
know that the professor is tough, but very fair.
AS.030.228.01
Intmd Organic Chem Lab
Thomas Lectka
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the labs and the TA's. However, students
did not enjoy the length of the labs and the amount of waiting they had to do in labs.
Suggestions for improvement include getting better machines for labs and offering more variety.
Prospective students should know that a basic understanding of chemistry lab techniques is very
helpful, as well as a strong understanding of organic chemistry.
CHEMISTRY
AS.030.302.01
Physical Chemistry II
Harris Silverstone
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the interesting material covered
throughout the semester as well as the format of the lectures. Students agreed that the
professor and TA's were also very helpful; however, students did not enjoy how the exams
tested students' ability to memorize, rather than students' understanding of the material.
Suggestions for improvement include changing the format of the exams so that exams test
information that has been taught in lectures and homework assignments. Prospective students
should know that the textbook and homework assignments do not relate to what is covered on
the exams; students should focus on lecture materials to do well on the exams.
AS.030.306.01-02
Phys Chem Instr Lab
Joel Tolman
Overall quality of the class: 3.32
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the interesting topics and the usefulness
of the TA's; however, students did not enjoy how some TA's had different expectations from the
other TA's. Additionally, students agreed that lab reports were time consuming. Suggestions
for improvement include providing better equipments for labs and reducing the variation
between the way different TA's grade. Prospective students should know that the course is
time-consuming.
AS.030.402.01
Experimental Methods in Physical Chemistry
Kit Bowen
Overall quality of the class: 4.0
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the small class size and the practicality of
the material. Students did not enjoy the lack of a syllabus and lack of hands-on learning.
Suggestions for improvement were including a lab section and having a more organized
structure. Prospective students should know that lectures are important and that homework
assignments involve computer programming skills.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
CIVIL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.560.141.01
Perspective on the Evolution of Structures
Benjamin Schafer
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the energetic and knowledgeable professor, his engaging and
interesting lectures, and the field trips. The worst aspects of the course included a disconnect between
the class material and homeworks, the difficulty of the exams and assignments, and the particularly
challenging math for non-engineering students in the course. Suggestions for improvement included
revising the homework assignments and explaining them more, or offering more background
information beforehand, grading more quickly, and making the class generally more interactive. Future
students should know that no background in civil engineering is needed to take this course, but non-
engineering students should be prepared to do computational homework assignments. The class is
interesting and enjoyable but requires a lot of work and memorization to do well.
EN.560.202.02-05
Dynamics
Narutoshi Nakata
Overall quality of the class: 3.66
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the clear explanation of the material in class, and fair homework
assignments and exams. The worst aspects of this course included the tedious lectures taken straight
from the textbook and group lab report write-ups. Suggestions for improvement included making
lectures more interactive and using class time better by presenting example problems and doing
demonstrations. Future students should know that there is weekly homework and the exams in this
class are not graded harshly. Attendance is mandatory.
CIVIL ENGINEERING
EN.560.206.01
Solid Mechanics & Theory of Structures
James Guest
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging professor and TAs, small discussion sections, and
the clear presentation of the material through lectures. The worst aspects of this course were the long
homework assignments and the concentration of long assignments at the end of the semester.
Suggestions for improvement included creating a regular schedule for homework assignments and
helping students prepare for exams with study guides or review sessions. Prospective students should
know that this class is challenging, but it is taught effectively.
EN.560.325.01
Concrete Structures
Rachel Sangree
Overall quality of this class: 4.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the effective professor and her genuine interest in her students
understanding the information, and the thorough and organized presentation of the material. The worst
aspect of this course was the long problem sets. Suggestions for improvement included spacing
assignments over the semester and including more real-world examples of the material in class. Future
students should know that going to class and giving yourself ample time to complete the homework
assignments are important to succeeding in this class. Some homework assignments are much longer
than others.
EN.560.330.01
Foundation Design
Annalingam Anandarajah
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the clear presentation of the complicated material and the useful
examples and notes provided by the teacher. Students felt, however, that the exams were too difficult.
Suggestions for improvement included providing clearer explanations of equations and doing more
examples in class, as well as defining more clearly what material will be on exams. Future students
should know that going to class is essential to doing well in this course, and that the work is very
manageable.
CIVIL ENGINEERING
EN.560.348.01
Probability & Statistics in Civil Engineering
Lori Graham-Brady
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was the professor's knowledge and effective teaching skills. She had a
genuine interest in making sure the students learned the material and she spent a lot of time answering
questions. Students also found the real-world examples and applications of the material very helpful.
The worst aspects of this class included its 9:00 AM time slot, the confusing textbook, and the amount of
confusing information that appeared on exams. Suggestions for improvement included more
opportunities for grades, changing exams to open-note, and assigning a better textbook for the class.
Prospective students should be aware that the work is difficult, there are weekly homework
assignments, and that studying for exams involves a lot of memorization.
EN.560.380.01
Intro Ocean Wind Engr
Lian Shen
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interesting material, the clearly detailed handouts provided
by the professor, and the reasonable workload. The worst aspects were that the only source for
information was the note sheets ­ no textbook ­ and that the final grade was heavily impacted by the
single final exam. Suggestions for improvement included making the final exam worth less, perhaps by
including a midterm exam or quizzes, and creating a better schedule, as the note handouts did not
always correspond with homework assignments directly. Prospective students should be aware that
there is no midterm and little work for this class, but homework is a big part of the final grade. The final
exam is open-note.
EN.560.448.01
Honors Wind Engineering
Nicholas Jones
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the knowledgeable professor, interesting subject matter, and class's
comprehensive overview of the topics. The worst aspect of this class was the theoretical and confusing
nature of the material which often made lecture difficult to follow. Suggestions for improvement
included a clearer focus on a more limited number of topics and more homework or example
assignments. Future students should know that this class has a decent amount of work, requires
effective use of time, and covers challenging material.
CIVIL ENGINEERING
EN.560.452.01
Civil Engineering Design II
John Matteo
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the professor's knowledge, involvement, and one-on-one time with
students. The worst aspects of this course included the inconsistent workload and the amount of time
waiting between group and individual meetings. Suggestions for improvement included assigning the
project earlier, and changing the meeting time for the class and group by group. Future students should
be aware that the professor is excellent, and are advised to try to get the work done early and
efficiently.
EN.560.498.01
Survey of Systems Engineering Tools
Takeru Igusa
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the lectures by the professor and guests, as well as the interesting
survey of software and tools the class explored. The worst aspects of this class included the survey style
of the course, making it difficult to really master any one of the programs presented, and the lack of
feedback on homework assignments. Suggestions for improvement included a faster, more organized
pace for the course overall and changing which programs to focus on most. Prospective students should
know that the workload is light, but going to class is important. The professor is very helpful and
interested in making sure students understand the material.
EN.560.702.01
Modeling Complex Systems Colloquium
Lori Graham-Brady
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.560.736.01
Experimental Methods in Structural Engineering
Narutoshi Nakata
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
CIVIL ENGINEERING
EN.560.739.01
Non-Linear Finite Elements
Somnath Ghosh
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course were the professor's knowledge and presentation of
the topics with substantial background information. The worst aspects of the class included the limited
number of topics covered. Suggestions for improvement included practical applications of the material
and changing the content to include things like formulation and geometric nonlinearity. Future students
should be aware that background in fundamentals of finite elements, linear FEM, and continuum
mechanics are important, and that there is a lot of coding and programming in this course.
EN.560.752.01
Structural Dynamics
Judith Mitrani-Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the professor's engaging, helpful teaching style, the relevant
homework assignments, and the interesting material. The worst aspects of this course included the
difficulty of the material and the unhelpful TA's. Suggestions for improvement included better pacing
and tweaking exam questions, such as providing proofs with equations. Future students should know
that a background in math, structural analysis, and programming are important for succeeding in this
class.
EN.560.787.01
Structural Optimization
James Guest
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
CLASSICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.040.106.01
Elementary Ancient Greek
Robert Webber
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting subject matter and the helpful and
invested instructor. Students liked getting to read real Greek texts at the end of the course.
Students felt that the class was held too early and that the textbook was poorly organized.
Suggestions for improvement included having a different textbook, changing the class time, and
including more Greek. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of memorization and
that a lot of information is covered.
AS.040.108.02
Elementary Latin
Danilo Piana
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who was passionate about the subject and
available to help students. The classroom had a relaxed environment and the course provided
students with a good overview of the language. Students felt that the textbook was confusing
and that there was a lot of work. Suggestions for improvement included getting a new textbook
and structuring the class better. Prospective students should know that the course involves a lot
of work and memorization.
CLASSICS
AS.040.140.01-02
Gender and Sexuality in Early Greece and the Eastern Mediterranean
Emily Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary: The best aspects of this course included an instructor who was very approachable
and helpful. The class discussions were very interactive. Students felt that the requirement to
take their essays to the Writing Center was unnecessary and that there was a lot of reading.
Suggestions for improvement included having more organized lectures and posting the Power
Points to Blackboard. Prospective students should know that the class is enjoyable and
interesting, and that they should participate in class.
AS.040.208.01
Intermediate Latin
Daniel Dooley
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included translating and reading Latin text. The instructor was
helpful and available to students. Students felt that there was too much work involved.
Suggestions for improvement included having vocabulary lists on quizzes, having more
discussions and translations, and not having quizzes on Fridays. Prospective students should
know that there is a lot of work and weekly quizzes.
AS.040.229.01
Victory and Defeat in Ancient Rome
Elisabeth Schwinge
Overall quality of the class: 4.74
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings and discussions. The instructor
was very engaging and knowledgeable. Students felt that there was a lot of reading and that the
course tried to cover too much information. Suggestions for improvement included showing
more videos, not skimming over the Empire part of the course and including more military
history. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of reading but there are few
assignments.
CLASSICS
AS.040.307.01
Advanced Latin Prose
Matthew Roller
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an enthusiastic instructor and the readings and
translations. One of the worst aspects of the course was that students were not able to read the
entire essay. Suggestions for improvement included having a translation schedule and more
outside reading. Prospective students should know that the class moves at a fast pace and that
they will have to do a lot of translation.
AS.040.320.01
Myth in Classical Art
Alan Shapiro
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included reading the myths and listening to the lectures. The
instructor was very knowledgeable and the workload was manageable. Students felt that the
exams were not structured well and that there was too much memorization. Some students felt
that the lectures were boring. Suggestions for improvement included setting clear expectations
for the papers and exams and having less memorization. Prospective students should know that
there is a lot of reading but that the exams are based on the lecture slides, and that there is only
one essay.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
COGNITIVE SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.050.107.01
Language and Advertising
Kyle Rawlins
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
Students found the material to be very interesting, and especially enjoyed the ad collections, which
provided for some enthusiastic class discussions; they also noted that the professor was highly
energetic. Some students were frustrated with the professor's lack of command of the room, and the
many awkward silences that occurred after questions that he posed. Suggestions for improvement
included planning ahead for what to talk about during lecture, and having section meetings to give
students a more intimate learning environment. Prospective students can expect a fairly low workload,
with an in-class midterm and a final project; they should also know that the focus is not on learning the
science of the brain, but rather, the effects of different types of language.
AS.050.203.01
Cognitive Neuroscience: Exploring the Living Brain
Brenda Rapp
Overall quality of the class: 3.36
Summary:
Students in this course thought the material was interesting and appreciated that lectures were
podcasted. They also agreed that exams were designed very fairly. Sometimes students felt that the
professor did not budget her time well, and had to speed through material; they also were frustrated
that there was so much emphasis on memorization. Suggestions for improvement included assigning
homework to take some grade weight away from exams, and curving the exams more generously.
Prospective students should know that this introductory course covers all of the basics, but requires
constant independent learning to stay on top of the material.
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
AS.050.206.01
Bilingualism
Julia Yarmolinskaya
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
Students thought that the homework assignments were very effective in reinforcing the material and
were at a reasonable level of difficulty; they also thought that the professor was very enthusiastic about
the interesting course material. Some students had difficulty paying attention during the nearly three
hour lectures, and found the material to be too theoretical. Suggestions for improvement included
holding multiple course meetings per week and clarifying expectations for exams. Prospective students
should know this is very similar to other cognitive science courses, with a lot of reading but an otherwise
light workload.
AS.050.240.01
World of Language
Geraldine Legendre
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the fieldwork sessions and the effective overview of the different
branches of linguistics. The worst aspects of the course were the disjointedness between lectures,
assignments, and exams; the long homework assignments; and the muddled nature of the lectures. This
course could be improved by assuming less background knowledge of students and spending more time
explaining the basics; students also suggested that homework assignments be revised so that they are
clearer. Prospective students should know that there are take-home exams and many difficult
homework assignments; it is not suggested as an elective course.
AS.050.315.01
Cognitive Neuropsychology of Visual Perception: The Malfunctioning Visual
Michael McCloskey
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
Students felt that the material in this course was incredibly interesting, and were excited that the
professor drew from his own personal experience with a patient to teach concepts to students. The
professor was seen as a very effective teacher who was truly an expert on the material. Students
thought the course had too much reading, and thought that the way exams were written made it
possible to do poorly even with a strong understanding of the material. Suggestions for improvement
included more lecturing versus discussions, and scaling back the difficulty of the exams. Prospective
students are highly encouraged to take this challenging but interesting course.
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
AS.050.320.01
Syntax I
Anne Vainikka
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
Students thought this course had a good progression from basic concepts through more complicated
ideas. They also appreciated the expertise of the professor and the well-chosen textbook. The main
complaint about this course was regarding the length of the meeting time (two and a half hours).
Accordingly, the only suggestion given for improving the course was to split it up into two meetings per
week. Prospective students should expect straightforward and fairly-graded assignments; they may
benefit from taking World of Language first.
AS.050.325.01
Phonology I
Colin Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Many students commented that this is one of the best professors they have had at JHU. They also
thought the homework assignments were well-designed to reinforce the material and were fairly
graded. Some students complained that the course moved too slowly and spent too much time on basic
concepts. The main suggestion for improvement was to give more time for the final project and for the
more difficult homework assignments. Prospective students are recommended to have some
background in linguistics before enrolling.
AS.050.326.01
Foundations in Cog Sci
Paul Smolensky
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
Students felt that this course gave a comprehensive overview of the different facets of cognitive science,
and that the professor did an excellent job bringing together the students' different backgrounds for
quality discussions about the material. Unfortunately, the workload was overwhelming to many
students, with lots of reading and writing, and fairly strict grading. Suggestions for improvement
included giving more detailed feedback on the assignments and trying to give the course a more unifying
theme. Prospective students are told to always be prepared for discussions, and to expect a heavy
workload.
COGNITIVE SCIENCE
AS.050.335.01
Introduction to Connectionist Modeling of Cognition
Donald Mathis
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
Students found the material in this course to be incredibly interesting, especially the simulation
assignments; they also cited the instructor's kindness and flexibility as a great plus. Some of the readings
were too dense, and students were thrown off a little when the course was restructured partway
through the semester. Some suggestions for improvement included reading more recent studies, and
requiring some kind of math or programming background so that the course could be taught in more
detail. Prospective students should know that a programming background is helpful, but not at all
necessary, and that there are weekly reading and simulation assignments which are graded very fairly.
AS.050.339.01
Cognitive Development
Julia Yarmolinskaya
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
Students thought the material in this course was very interesting and appreciated the use of multimedia
to present information during lectures. Some students were frustrated with the high amount of
specificity in the exam questions and the need for too much memorization. Students suggested that the
midterms take place and be returned earlier, and that the professor try to be more animated during
lectures. Prospective students can expect a fairly reasonable workload which mostly emphasizes
reading.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
COMPUTER SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course.
Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.600.103.01
Fundamentals of Practical Computing
Ann Irvine
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
The best aspects of this course included the practical material and the professor's helpful handouts and
PowerPoint slides. Although the course covered a broad range of subjects, students felt that it was very
useful and gave them the tools to delve deeper into the computer science field. The worst aspect of this
course included the large number of assignments. Students commented that the assignments were
difficult and sometimes took a long time to complete. Suggestions for improving this class include
slowing the pace to be able to focus more on each programming language. Future students should know
that although this course requires a lot of work, they will learn a lot.
EN.600.104.01
Computer Ethics
Sheela Kosaraju
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
The best aspect of this course was the discussion-based nature of the class. Students commented that
the discussions were stimulating and gave them an opportunity to discuss topics they would not have
otherwise. The worst aspects of this course included the lack of structure in discussion. Discussions
would often be derailed and were not well controlled, making the class less productive at times.
Suggestions for improving this class include structuring the class more by adding time limits to activities
and relating discussions to the book or more technical topics. Future students should know that the
class has a fair amount of reading and they should be prepared to speak a lot in class.
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.107.01
Intro Programming in Java
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
The best aspect of this course was the opportunity to actually code material in class. Students found
programming done in class useful, and thought that the assignments and large amount of online
resources greatly helped to reinforce the material. Students also appreciated the large amount of
available TA office hours and found the class to be extremely organized and well thought-out. The worst
aspects of this class included the tendency of the professor to skim over conceptually difficult topics.
Some students also found lectures hard to pay attention to and difficult to keep up with. Suggestions for
improvement include giving more weight to assignments instead of tests and explaining code more
slowly and step-by-step. Prospective students should know that the class is very time consuming and
assignments should be started early, and that the class is not curved. It is very difficult to catch up after
falling behind.
EN.600.108.01-03
Intro Programming Lab
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
One of the best aspects of this course was the support it provided for those with little prior experience
in programming. Students found the lab to be a great help with the homework from lectures, as it was
generally closely related. They also appreciated the hands-on nature of the lab. The worst aspects of this
class included the poor partner matching and length of the lab. Suggestions for improving this course
include shortening the lab length and incorporating more creative assignments. Prospective students
should consider the fact that although this lab can be long, it is extremely helpful for those with little to
no experience in programming, and can be extremely helpful in completing homework for Intro to
Programming in Java.
EN.600.120.01-02
Intermediate Programming
Yair Amir
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
The best aspects of this course included the rewarding feeling students got from learning useful
programming skills in this course. Students felt that they were able to easily access the professor and
TAs, and enjoyed the challenging nature of assignments. The worst aspects of this course included the
length and difficulty of projects, which took students many hours to complete. Some students also
commented that the teaching style, which involves learning from source code rather than hands on
coding, was not the most effective way for them to learn to code. Suggestions for improving this course
include focusing less on data structures, which many students were unfamiliar with, and doing more
hands on coding in class. Future students should know that although the workload for this course is
heavy, help is readily available via the professor and TAs. A background in data structures may be
helpful, but is not required.
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.226.01
Data Structures
Gregory Hager
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the programming assignments and the ability to learn essential
concepts for the field of computer science. The worst aspects of this course were the lectures and
overall difficulty. This course could be improved by including more interaction and demonstrations
during lecture as well as putting more effort into designing effective and understandable homework
assignments. Prospective students should know that coding experience is very helpful and assignments
involve a great deal of time to complete.
EN.600.250.01
User Interfaces and Mobile Applications
Joanne Selinski
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is the ability to develop mobile applications in Android and the interesting
material. Students felt that some assignments were too long and that they were also too frequently
assigned. This class could be improved by lessening the assignment load while the final group project is
also going on. Prospective students should know that it is a heavy workload and that an understanding
of Java is essential.
EN.600.271.01
Automata & Computation Theory
S Kosaraju
Overall quality of the class: 4.34
Summary:
Students felt that the professor was extremely enthusiastic and helpful, and that the topics were
intellectually stimulating. At times the grading was very slow, and the difficulty ramped up quite a bit in
the second half of the course. Suggestions for improvement included more consistent grading guidelines
and adding more examples to the textbook. Prospective students should know that background
knowledge in programming, mathematics, or logic would be helpful in the course, but it is possible to do
well without such a background.
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.316.01
Database Systems
Yanif Ahmad
Overall quality of the class: 1.67
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the fact that the exams were take-home. The worst aspect of this
class was the lack of assignments and the frequent deviations from the syllabus. This course could be
improved by giving homework assignments so that students have a better way to learn. Prospective
students should know that the course is highly disorganized and they should try to take it from a
different professor.
EN.600.318.01
Operating Systems
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material and the well-designed assignments. The
worst aspect of this course was the lack of feedback. This course could be improved by focusing more on
the students' learning experience and tailoring assignments and lectures to improving students' skills.
Prospective students should know that the course is heavily project-based, and that they should start
assignments well ahead of time.
EN.600.320.01
Parallel Programming
Randal Burns
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the usefulness and relevance of the material. The worst aspect was
the disorganization of the assignments and convoluted course structure. This course could be improved
by clarifying assignments and by giving timely feedback. Prospective students should know that the class
is unique to most computer science courses and that there are only a few assignments and exams.
EN.600.335.01
Artificial Intelligence
Benjamin Mitchell
Overall quality of the class: 3.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material and challenging projects. The worst aspects
of this course were the length and difficulty of assignments and the lectures. This class could be
improved by giving smaller, more frequent homework assignments and by adding section meetings.
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Prospective students should know that it is a difficult course, with homework assignments that take
many hours to complete.
EN.600.344.01
Computer Network Fundamentals
Brian Haberman
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were fun projects and thoughtful professor. The worst aspect of this
course was the lectures, which were at times very dry. This course could be improved by spacing out
projects and including smaller ones. Prospective students should know that the assignments in the
course require a great deal of time and effort.
EN.600.355.01
Video Game Design Project
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the freedom to explore and be creative with projects. The worst
aspects of the course were the presentations and lack of outside support on the projects. This course
could be improved by making it slightly more structured. Prospective students should know that the
course requires a lot of outside work and good time management.
EN.600.363.01
Introduction to Algorithms
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the useful textbook and interesting material. The worst aspects of
this course were the slow grading, and the repeated teaching of concepts that were already expected
knowledge from lower-level CS courses. This course could be improved by teaching more in-depth topics
and returning graded assignments faster. Prospective students should know that the course is similar to
Data Structures and it is less programming-based than typical CS courses.
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.392.01
CS Design Project
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the ability to work on a real-world problem. The worst aspect of this
course was the difficulty of the project and lack of feedback. This course could be improved by making
the final project requirements less restrictive. Prospective students should know that this course gives
great hands-on experience, but requires a lot of time outside of class.
EN.600.416.01
Database Systems
Yanif Ahmad
Overall quality of the class: 2.79
The best aspect of this course was the practicality of the course material. The worst aspect of this course
was the lack of homework assignments. Students also felt that the course was poorly organized. This
course could be improved by giving more programming assignments. Prospective students should know
that the grades are based almost entirely on exams, and the exams are quite difficult.
EN.600.418.01
Operating Systems
Peter Froehlich
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
The best aspect of this course was the ability to work with real operating systems. The lectures were
also a strong aspect of the course. Some students found that there was too much focus on small details
at times. This course could be improved by assigning a textbook. Prospective students should know that
it is important to be fluent in C programming.
EN.600.420.01
Parallel Programming
Randal Burns
Overall quality of the class: 3.84
The best aspect of this course was the wide variety of relevant subject material. The worst aspect of this
course was the disorganization. Students also felt that the homework was unclear and often not
practical. This course could be improved by narrowing the scope of the course to allow for more in-
depth discussion of important topics. Prospective students should know that the course is a good
introductory level course for parallel programming and has a light workload.
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.424.01
Network Security
Amitabh Mishra
Overall quality of the class: 3.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.425.01
Declarative Methods
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
The best aspect of this course was the ability to learn interesting and useful concepts that are
intellectually challenging. Students also felt that the professor was very approachable and helpful. The
worst aspect of the course was the lack of solutions and grading for the homework assignments. This
course could be improved by better organization of the grading system and more feedback on student
work. Prospective students should know that assignments should be started as early as possible, as they
are time-consuming.
EN.600.426.01
Principles of Programming Languages
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
The best aspect of this course was the opportunity to learn about the theory behind programming
languages. The worst aspects of this course were the dryness of the lectures and the long homework
assignments. This course could be improved by decreasing the length of homework assignments.
Prospective students should know that the class is difficult and has a heavy workload.
EN.600.435.01
Artificial Intelligence
Benjamin Mitchell
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
The best aspect of this course is the opportunity to learn a variety of artificial intelligence algorithms.
The worst aspect of this course was the lack of consistency between lecture material and what was
expected on homework assignments. The course could be improved by organizing the course more
efficiently in terms of homework assignments and material, and assigning shorter simulations.
Prospective students should know that the course involves a lot of independent study and learning.
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.444.01
Computer Networks
Brian Haberman
Overall quality of the class: 4.37
The best aspect of this course was the final project, from which students learned a lot. Students also
said that the professor had an excellent teaching style and gave lectures that complemented the
textbook. The worst aspect of this course was the very heavy workload. This course could be improved
by giving more grading weight to homework assignments and providing more feedback. Prospective
students should know that it is important to pick a good group of students for team projects.
EN.600.446.01
Computer Integrated Surgery II
Russell Taylor
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
The best aspect of this course is the freedom to work independently on one's own design project.
Students also said that the course helps to improve presentation skills by providing helpful feedback
from the professor. The worst aspects of this course were the heavy workload and large amount of
student presentations. This course could be improved by allowing for class time to be devoted to work
on the projects. Prospective students should know that it is better and different from CIS I, with a heavy
workload for the main project.
EN.600.457.01
Computer Graphics
Michael Kazhdan
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
The best aspect of this course is the interesting material and useful lectures. The worst aspect of this
course is the heavy workload. Students also said that there are too many topics covered that do not go
into as much depth as they should. This course could be improved by providing more opportunities to
practice the material. Prospective students should know that the course has a heavy workload, however
the work is interesting.
EN.600.463.01
Algorithms I
Vladimir Braverman
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
The best aspect of this course is that the professor is encouraging and very accessible. The worst aspect
of this course is the lack of feedback on homework assignments, as well as the slow pace of the course.
Students also said that the early meeting time, 9 am, made it difficult to attend lectures. This course
could be improved by providing supplementary online material such as lectures slides. Prospective
COMPUTER SCIENCE
students should know that the course is based more on theory rather than applications; however, it is
very useful material.
EN.600.468.01
Machine Translation
Christopher Callison-Burch
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
The best aspects of this course were the responsive TAs and professors as well as the interactive format
of the class. The worst aspect of this class was the difficulty of the quizzes. This class could be improved
by making quizzes more based on reading comprehension. Prospective students should know that it is
important to be familiar with most basic programming languages and other knowledge fundamental to
upper-level CS courses.
EN.600.643.01
Advanced Topics in Computer Security
Aviel Rubin
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
The best aspect of this class was the exposure to new security research. The worst aspect of this class
was the lack of interaction with other students due to both a lack of TA and limited information on
course progress. This class could be improved by more thoughtful discussions and by adding a TA.
Prospective students should have a solid understanding of computer security before taking this class.
EN.600.646.01
Computer Integrated Surgery II
Russell Taylor
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.672.01
Advances in Computational Complexity
Vinodchandran Variyam
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
COMPUTER SCIENCE
EN.600.726.01
Selected Topics in Programming Languages
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.728.01
Selected Topics in Category Theory
Scott Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.746.01
Selected Topics in Medical Image Analysis
Jerry Prince, Russell Taylor
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.765.01
Selected Topics in Natural Language Processing
Jason Eisner
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.766.01
Selected Topics in Meaning, Translation and Generation of Text
Christopher Callison-Burch, Benjamin Van Durme
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.600.775.01
Current Topics in Machine Learning
Mark Dredze
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.270.107.01
Intro to Sustainability
Cindy Parker
Overall quality of the class: 3.49
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the availability of lecture materials online and the
applicability of the material. Students also agreed that there were a variety of interesting speakers
throughout the course; however, students felt that the worst aspect of the course was the tediousness
of the homework assignments. The homework assignments took a lot of time and felt like "busy work".
Suggestions for improvement include having fewer homework assignments and offering review sessions
for exams. Prospective students should know that attendance and participation are important and that
there is a lot of homework every week.
AS.270.110.01
Freshman Seminar: Sustainable + Non-Sustainable Resources
Dimitri Sverjensky
Overall quality of the class: 3.63
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the interesting homework assignments and the
structure of the course; however, students agreed that one of the worst aspects of this introductory
course was how difficult it was. Suggestions for improvement include providing easier readings and
offering more feedback on writing assignments. Future students should know that the course offers an
interesting insight into sustainable resources and that the course is manageable if you do the readings
every week.
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
AS.270.113.01
Freshman Seminar: Environmental Poisons
Dimitri Sverjensky
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the group discussions and interesting topics
covered throughout the semester. Students did not enjoy the amount of weekly readings and the lack
of feedback from the professor. Suggestions for improvement include providing more feedback from
the professor and assigning less reading. Future students should know that there is a good amount of
work and that the course is primarily student-taught--the professor lectured only once and the
remainder of the semester was run by students via their group presentations.
AS.270.114.01
Guided Tour: The Planets
Bruce Marsh, Darrell Strobel
Overall quality of the class: 3.56
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the interesting material as well as the professor's
engaging and informative lecture style. Students agreed that the course does not require a proficient
background in the sciences, which they appreciated; however, students did not enjoy the structure of
the exams, which they considered too difficult. Students also agreed that the lack of homework made
the tests very challenging. Suggestions for improvement include providing actual assignments, access to
previous exams, and review sessions prior to exams. Future students should know that grades are
entirely based on exams, the lowest exam gets dropped, and that there is no homework. Additionally,
future students should know that the course is not an "easy A" as they may have thought.
AS.270.308.01
Population/Comm Ecology
Katalin Szlavecz
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the field trips and the interesting material.
Students agreed that the professor is well-informed and engaging; however, students did not enjoy the
time-consuming nature of the homework assignments and felt that the professor and TA were not very
helpful. Suggestions for improvement include changing the format of homework assignments.
Prospective students should know that there is a mandatory field trip and that there is a lot of
information covered on each exam.
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
AS.270.313.01
Isotope Geochemistry
Benjamin Passey
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the interesting material and the professor's
friendly and engaging lecture style. Students did not enjoy the long length of the classes and felt that
some of the later topics were too difficult. Suggestions for improvement include using a better textbook
to help with homework. Prospective students should know that a basic understanding of chemistry is
helpful, as well as a mathematical background.
AS.270.315.01
Natural Catastrophes
Peter Olson
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the interesting course material and engaging
lectures. Students also agreed that they liked that the professor's Power Point lectures were uploaded
onto Blackboard; however, students did not like the lack of feedback that they received from the
professor. Suggestions for improvement include providing more feedback on the homework and
reducing the amount of materials covered in the second half of the semester. Prospective students
should know that there is a very large project due at the end of the semester that requires a significant
amount of time, but is manageable if students avoid procrastination.
AS.270.323.01
Ocean Biogeochemical Cycles
Anand Gnanadesikan
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the professor's approachability as well as the
interesting topics covered throughout the semester; however, students did not enjoy how math-heavy
the course was at times and felt that MATLAB work was a challenge. Suggestions for improvement
include requiring MATLAB experience as a prerequisite and offering a clearer syllabus. Prospective
students should know that understanding programming and being familiar with MATLAB is extremely
useful. Additionally, students should take advantage of the professor's office hours.
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
AS.270.360.01
Climate Change: Science and Policy
Darryn Waugh
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the interesting material covered throughout the
semester, the guest lectures, and the availability of past exams. Additionally, students agreed that the
workload was not too heavy; however, students did not enjoy the amount of information they had to
know for each exam. Students also did not like how the homework assignments did not reflect the
format of the exams. Suggestions for improvement include varying the style of the lectures and
providing more guest lecturers. Prospective students should know that the workload is manageable and
readings are not necessary unless they are done for homework assignments.
AS.270.377.01
Climates of the Past
Linda Hinnov, Benjamin Passey
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the professors' enthusiasm for the topics and the
interesting subject matter; however, students felt that the worst aspect of the course was the irrelevant
nature of the homework. Students felt that the course was disorganized and that there was little
correlation between homework assignments and exams. Suggestions for improvement include using a
textbook and assigning more relevant homework. Prospective students should know that the course is
very difficult unless students have a good understanding of chemistry and physics.
AS.270.402.01
Scientific Survival Skills
James Roberts
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EARTH AND PLANETARY SCIENCES
AS.270.410.01
Planetary Surface Processes
James Roberts
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
Students felt that the best aspects of the course were the interesting subjects covered throughout the
semester as well as the instructor's obvious dedication to the course. Students agreed that the
professor was very engaging and entertaining; however, students felt that the worst aspects of the
course were the lack of organization and the tedious nature of the homework assignments. Suggestions
for improvement include making the homework easier and offering better explanations of equations.
Prospective students should know that the course is interesting and the grading is fair; however, the
course assumes that students have a background in planetary science.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
EAST ASIAN STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.310.334.01
Southeast Asia: Contestations, Continuities, Changes
Dorothy Kwek
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.310.435.01
International Relations Theory and the Margins: The Case of East Asia
Hitomi Koyama
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the difference between this class and others offered at
Hopkins. Many students felt it was very interesting to view this area of study through a different
lens and to be exposed to theories not taught in other International Studies courses. The worst
aspect of this class was the repetition in some reading and the class was held in the Shriver
Boardroom, which was locked on several occasions, delaying the start of class. Suggestions for
improvement would be to focus more on China and Korea, and a little bit more organization in
the lectures. Prospective students should take note that to have backgrounds in International
Studies and East Asian history would be helpful, to make sure to do each reading, and to be
prepared to do a good amount of work. Overall, current students seemed to truly enjoy this
course and strongly recommend it.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
ECONOMICS
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.180.102.01-24
Elem of Microeconomics
Bruce Hamilton
Overall quality of the class: 3.56
The best aspects of this course include the materials learned in class that give a good introduction to the
field of microeconomics, and the clear lectures. Some students felt that the grading of exams was harsh
and arbitrary. Students also felt that there were not enough opportunities to improve, since grades
were based mainly on one midterm and one final exam. Having a better grading system (possibly with
graded homework assignments), more practice problems, and answer keys will improve the class.
Prospective students should be aware that this class is challenging and that a lot of material should also
be learned on their own. Attending the lectures is also essential to understanding the course material.
AS.180.215.01
Game Theory-Social Sci
Joseph Harrington
Overall quality of this course: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the professor's lecturing style as well as the course material.
Students agreed that the professor was very engaging and that the subject material was interesting.
However, students did not enjoy the overwhelming number of students enrolled in the course.
Suggestions for improvement include adding a section, in addition to the two lectures, and offer
supplemental notes for the exam. Prospective students should know that office hours are very useful as
well as the practice problems.
ECONOMICS
AS.180.242.01
Internat Monetary Econ
Olivier Jeanne
Overall quality of this course: 3.96
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the interesting and useful material. Students agreed that the lectures
were very relevant to current events and that the PowerPoint presentations were useful. However,
students were frustrated by the difficulty of the exams and felt that the lectures could be tedious
because the professor did not interact with the students. Suggestions for improvement include offering
more practice problems, increasing interaction between the professor and students, and diversifying the
lectures. Students would also like to be given a clearer expectation regarding the grading system.
Prospective students should be aware that a basic understanding of economics is needed and that one's
grades are based entirely on exams.
AS.180.252.01
Economics of Discrimination
Barbara Morgan
Overall quality of this course: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting and current topics covered throughout the semester
as well as the classroom discussions. Students felt that the professor was very knowledgeable and
approachable. However, students felt that there were unclear expectations regarding the professor's
grading system. Suggestions for improvement include improving the communication between the
professor and the TA, as students felt that the TA did not properly represent what the professor
expected from the students. Prospective students should know that there are weekly response papers
and that attendance and participation are very important.
AS.180.263.01
Corporate Finance
Gregory Duffee
Overall quality of this course: 3.98
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the professor's passion for the topic as well as his engaging lecture
style. Students agreed that the course material was very useful and pertinent. However, students did
not enjoy the lack of homework and practice problems. Students also felt that the exams were very
difficult and that there was a lack of correlation between what students expected to see on the exams
and what was actually on the exams. Suggestions for improvement include adding an incentive for
attendance and holding review sessions prior to exams. Prospective students should know that the
exams are very difficult, there is no senior option, there is a lot of material to learn, and the professor
randomly calls on students during lecture.
ECONOMICS
AS.180.266.01
Finan Mrkts/Institutions
Jon Faust
Overall quality of this course: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the professor himself and the applicability of the course material to
current events. Students agreed that the professor was very well-informed and a great lecturer.
However, students found the problem sets to be too long and felt that the meeting time was also too
long. Suggestions for improvement include making the lectures more interactive and giving students
more access to practice problems. Students would also like to see multimedia in the lectures and a
potential section, in addition to the lectures. Prospective students should know that the course is very
interesting and useful; they should have a basic knowledge and interest in financial markets prior to
enrolling.
AS.180.302.01-04
Macroeconomic Theory
Laurence Ball
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor's lecture style as well as the professor's
knowledge about the material. However, students did not enjoy the sections, which they did not find
helpful. Also, students agreed that the material was hard to follow at times. Suggestions for
improvement include having more organized review sessions and increase the prerequisite for math to
Calculus II, as Calculus I is insufficient. Prospective students should know that the course is math
intensive and requires a lot of work. Furthermore, a student's experience will vary based on which TA
he or she gets, as some are more helpful than others.
AS.180.306.01
The Business of Sports
Brian Phelan
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting topics covered throughout the semester as well as
the professor himself. However, students did not enjoy the homework assignments, which they thought
were unnecessarily tedious. Furthermore, students thought that they were not prepared by the
professor for the midterm exam. Suggestions for improvement include having multiple midterms, as
opposed to just one. Furthermore, students would like to see more relevant problem sets. Prospective
students should know that the course is very interesting, but there is a fair amount of work required.
Currently, the course has one midterm, two problem sets, a presentation, and a final paper proposal;
students should not procrastinate on any assignments.
ECONOMICS
AS.180.307.01
Advanced Seminar in the Future of Finance
Robert Barbera, Jonathan Wright
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the guest speakers and the focus on current topics.
Students did not enjoy the lack of feedback and the heavy weight of participation in the course
grade. Suggestions for improvement included a more structured approach to the readings, and
giving more evaluations throughout the semester so that the entire grade is not based on
basically one final paper. Prospective students should know that the class is very interesting,
but students should have a strong understanding of economics and finance before enrolling.
AS.180.334.01-02
Econometrics
Yingyao Hu
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting course material and the professor's
accommodating teaching style. However, some students did not like the lack of help on the
individual level and felt that the lectures were not that engaging. Suggestions for improvement
include choosing a better textbook and offering clearer explanations. Prospective students
should know that the textbook is not that helpful, so they should be prepared to do other
research on certain topics; and that a solid foundation of statistics and mathematics is
necessary.
AS.180.335.01
Topics in Econometrics
Elena Krasnokutskaya
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
ECONOMICS
AS.180.336.01
Economic Forecasting
Robert Barbera
Overall quality of the class: 4.87
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the lectures and in-class discussions. Students agreed that
the professor challenged students and the course was extremely useful. However, students did
not like that the course met only once a week. Suggestions for improvement include increasing
the number of times the course meets per week. Students also suggested that the professor
should offer more detailed feedback on students' work. Prospective students should know that
there are two exams, two presentations, and three memos--there is a good amount of work,
but is a very strong class. Furthermore, students recommend prospective students have a
strong financial background as well as a background in following financial news.
AS.180.351.01
Labor Economics
Matthew Wiswall
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the interesting subject material as well as the professor's
useful lecture notes. Students agreed that the professor was very knowledgeable in the area
and was an effective lecturer. However, students did not enjoy the focus on memorization and
the lack of problem sets. Suggestions for improvement include requiring homework in order to
help students better understand the material and Discuss more complicated problems in class
so that students will be prepared for the exams. Prospective students should know that
students' entire grade is based on one midterm and the final exam; come to class and take
good notes.
AS.180.368.01
Managerial Econ/Business Strategies
J. Knapp
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the small class size, the class discussions, and the
instructor's outstanding knowledge of the topic. Students felt that the course was very
practical and useful in understanding financial concepts with regard to running a business.
However, students did not like the lack of actual graded assignments with feedback.
Suggestions for improvement include reducing the class size and offering more feedback on
ECONOMICS
work. Prospective students should know that the course is particularly useful if students are
interested in business. Additionally, the class is very interactive and will teach students how to
excel in the world of corporate finance and investment banking.
AS.180.390.01
Health Economics and Developing Countries
Mark Gersovitz, Joseph Harrington
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.180.393.01
Economics of Africa
Mark Gersovitz, Joseph Harrington
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the guest speakers and the professor's insightful lectures. Students
felt that the independent assignment was very useful in helping them better understand the material.
However, students felt that the professor's lectures would sometimes stray off topic, taking away
valuable time. Suggestions for improvement include having more class sessions and more guest
speakers. Prospective students should know that the entire class is based on one 40-page term paper.
Therefore, students need to work on it throughout the semester in order to not be overwhelmed at the
end of the course.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and
"What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating
the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.520.142.01
Digital Systems Fundamentals
Gerard Meyer
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
Summary:
Students appreciated the fact that exam questions for this course were drawn directly from the
homework, and thus they always knew what to expect. They also thought that the professor
explained concepts clearly and in an engaging manner. The worst aspects of the course were the
lack of intellectual challenge, slow pace, and lack of assigned reference materials. A common
suggestion for improvement was to move more quickly through earlier material and explore later
material at a greater depth. Students would also appreciate homework solutions posted online.
Prospective students are told to study for exams by doing problems from the packet; the workload
is very low.
EN.520.212.02-03
ECE Engineering Team Project (Freshmen and Sophomores)
Jin Kang
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Students enjoyed the opportunity for hands-on experience with electrical engineering. The weakest
aspect of the course was the lack of structure and guidance. Freshmen also felt that they had little to
contribute because they had only taken introductory level courses in the field. Suggestions for
improvement were to give more funding for the projects and make sure there is something
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
meaningful for the more experienced team members to do. Prospective students are encouraged to
take the course while understanding that their initial contributions may be limited.
EN.520.214.01
Signals & Systems I
Mounya Elhilali
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
Students felt that this course did a good job of covering all of the important topics within this
subject, and that the lectures were effectively delivered. Many thought that the homework
assignments were far too difficult, which was compounded by the lack of a real textbook. Students
also did not find the section meetings to be useful. The course could be improved by assigning a
textbook and giving more review materials. Prospective students are told that they should never
miss lecture and that they should be prepared to spend a significant amount of time on the
homework.
EN.520.216.01
Intro to VLSI
Andreas Andreou
Overall quality of the class: 2.20
Summary:
Students thought this course had interesting material and liked that there were no exams. Students
complained that the professor frequently missed class, lifted lectures and other materials from MIT
OpenCourseWare, didn't explain how to use the software, had an unknown grading scheme, and in
general did not facilitate any student learning. Suggestions for improvement included a clear
grading scheme, mandatory assignments, and more investment in the class from the professor.
Prospective students are told that if they want to gain something from the course they should do
the homework, and that quiz questions are identical to homework questions.
EN.520.220.01
Fields, Matter & Waves
Frederic Davidson
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.222.01
Computer Architecture
Robert Jenkins
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
Students felt that they left this course feeling comfortable with the material and ready to apply it to
future work and courses. They also appreciated the experience and enthusiasm of the professor.
The weakest aspect of the course was the high level of difficulty, especially for students with less
computer engineering background. Suggestions for improvement were to make the homework
questions more specific and clear, and also focus more on higher-level explanations of the topics.
Future students are told to pay attention during class and that they should expect challenging
exams.
EN.520.415.01
Image Process & Analysis II
John Goutsias
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.425.01
FPGA Senior Projects Laboratory
Robert Jenkins
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.433.01
Medical Image Analysis
Jerry Prince
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.448.01-02
Electronics Design Lab
Ralph Etienne Cummings
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the freedom students had to design their own project, and the
opportunity to apply the knowledge they had gained in other courses. The weakest aspects of the
course were the lack of structure in terms of deadlines and feedback, and the apparent disinterest
of the professor. Suggestions for improvement included having the professor actually attend course
meetings, and giving out more detailed grading guidelines ahead of time. Prospective students are
told that the class is worthwhile, especially if you already have a specific project in mind, and you
should be self-motivated to finish your project on your own time, not just in class time.
EN.520.450.01
Adv Micro-Processor Lab
Robert Glaser
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.453.02-03
Advanced ECE Engineering Team Project
Jin Kang
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.454.01
Control Systems Design
Pablo Iglesias
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the kind and approachable professor as well as the
introduction of a range of methods for designing control systems. The worst aspects of the course
were the disorganized lecture notes and the disconnect between lectures, homework, and exams.
Suggestions for improvement were to emphasize problem-solving more strongly and doing more
example problems. Prospective students are told that they should always attend lectures and
should try to do extra practice problems on their own. Prior knowledge of control systems is
assumed.
EN.520.482.01
Intro to Lasers
Jacob Khurgin
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material and the professor's ability to explain
the complex concepts. The worst aspects of this course included the fact that the challenging material
was presented using Power Points, which some students felt were difficult to follow. Suggestions for
improvement included assigning more educational homework assignments and providing
comprehensive course notes. Future students should know that this course requires a lot of
independent learning and requires a strong background in mathematics and physics.
EN.520.483.01
Bio-Photonics Laboratory
Jin Kang
Overall quality of the class: 3.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the valuable hands-on experience students gained by working
on independent group projects for the entire semester. The worst aspects of this course included the
theoretical lectures that did not relate well to the projects. Many students felt they did not actually
learn much about photonics. Suggestions for improvement included adding a lab component to the class
and better communicating instructions, expectations, and feedback on group projects. Prospective
students should know that this course involves a lot of work and is project-oriented.
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.499.04
Senior Design Project
Andreas Andreou
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the educational group project and design component. Students felt
the course lacked organization and guidance. Suggestions for improvement included creating an
organized schedule of assignments, goals, and due dates. Prospective students should know that this is a
good design course that provides hands-on experience. The class is very closely related to
Microfabrication Lab.
EN.520.611.01
Ultrafast Optical Phenomena
Mark Foster
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.618.01
Hybrid Systems
Danielle Tarraf
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.520.624.01
Integrated Photonics
Amy Foster
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.648.01
Compressed Sensing and Sparse Recovery
Trac Duy Tran
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the balance of theory and application and the professor's
effective presentation of the fundamentals of the material. Some students felt the semester was too
short to cover all of the topics adequately. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating more
computer assignments or a project progress presentation into the class. Future students should know
that this is a great and educational course, but background in advanced linear algebra and matrix
analysis is encouraged.
EN.520.652.01
Filtering and Smoothing
Howard Weinert
Overall quality of the class: 3.58
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the opportunity to improve skills in efficient MATLAB coding. This
class only covered one topic so many students felt the class was too limited in scope, and that there was
little learning in the later parts of the semester. Suggestions for improvement included covering more
topics and expanding on the theory presented. Future students should be aware that familiarity with
MATLAB is important. The only grades come from students' software development and final
presentations.
EN.520.680.01
Speech and Auditory Processing by Humans and Machines
Hynek Hermansky
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
EN.520.738.01-02
Adv Elec Lab Design
Ralph Etienne Cummings
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.662.642.01
Management and Leadership
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interactive, engaging discussions on interesting topics applicable
to the real world. Students felt that it took too long to receive grades and feedback. Suggestions for
improvement included making the expectations and due dates for assignment sheets more clear at the
start of the semester and returning assignments earlier. Future students should know that this is an
engaging course with a great professor, with a 2-3 page writing assignment due each week.
EN.662.692.01
Venture Planning
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lectures and knowledgeable professor. Some
students felt the Power Points had too much text on them and the assignment deadlines were
sometimes unclear. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating more clearly defined, regularly
graded assignments. Future students should know that this class is enjoyable and very helpful for the
business plan competition.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
ENGLISH DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.060.100.01
Intro Expository Writing
William Evans
Overall quality of this class: 4.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the explanations on how to write essays and the clear
structure of the class. The instructor was very helpful and wants his students to do well;
however, students felt they had to write in the style that the professor wanted and not in their
own style. Suggestions for improvement included giving out fewer handouts, giving more one-
on-one tutorials, and being more flexible about writing style. Prospective students should know
that this is an introductory writing course where they will get a lot of guidance from the
instructor.
AS.060.107.01
Introduction to Literary Study
Mark Thompson
Overall quality of this class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the wide range of literature and the engaging class
discussions. The instructor made the class interesting and was very knowledgeable. Students felt
that there was a lack of feedback on their writing and that the expectations on the papers were
not explained clearly. Suggestions for improvement included giving more detailed feedback and
shifting toward more papers and fewer exams. Prospective students should know that they
should do the reading and take good notes.
ENGLISH
AS.060.114.01
Expository Writing
Jonathon Hricko
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the useful feedback from the instructor and the
interesting course material and readings. Students felt that the grading was harsh and
ambiguous and that the assignments were very difficult. The 9 am class time also made it hard
to participate. Suggestions for improvement included having a later class time, more class
discussions and a rubric for each essay. Prospective students should know that it is not required
to have a background in philosophy but that it would help and that there is a lot of writing.
AS.060.114.02
Expository Writing
Anthony Wexler
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.114.03
Expository Writing
Kara Wedekind
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the in-class discussions and the feedback from the
instructor. Some students felt that their writing skills improved. Some students felt that the
writing style taught was too specific and that the readings were dense. Suggestions for
improvement included making sure that there was enough time for the last essay and providing
students with more information on the editing process. Prospective students should know that
it is a good introductory writing class and that there is a lot of work.
AS.060.114.06
Expository Writing
Joseph Haley
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the feedback on assignments and the in-class discussions.
The instructor was very patient and helpful. Students felt that the grading was very slow and
that the class was unorganized. Suggestions for improvement included returning essays more
quickly. Prospective students should know that the class is very time-consuming.
ENGLISH
AS.060.114.07-08
Expository Writing
George Oppel
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the readings and the class discussions. The conferences
with the instructor provided students with good feedback and helped them to improve their
writing. Students felt that some of the readings were dense and that the topics were sometimes
repetitive. Some students also thought that the instructor took too long to hand back
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included spending more time and getting more
instruction on the last essay, reading more varied texts, and encouraging more participation.
Prospective students should know that they will get constructive feedback and improve their
writing but that the grading is not lenient.
AS.060.114.09
Expository Writing
Dorothy Kwek
Overall quality of the class: 3.29
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.114.10
Expository Writing
Elizabeth Brogden
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included getting to turn in drafts for feedback before they were
graded and reading and discussing the short stories. Student felt that the grading system was
very tough, and that the course could be limiting and dry in terms of writing and topics.
Suggestions for improvement included having more freedom in choosing what to read and write
about, and giving points for participation. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of
reading and writing and that they will improve their writing, but the class can be difficult.
ENGLISH
AS.060.114.11
Expository Writing
Sunil Vaswani
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the in-class discussions and the interesting material.
Students were able to improve their writing. Some students did not feel that they were given
enough creative license, while others would have liked more information on how to better
structure an essay. Suggestions for improvement included having conferences with students
about their work, showing some sample papers, and choosing more diverse readings.
Prospective students should know that they do not need a background in international relations
for this course.
AS.060.114.12
Expository Writing
William Miller
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.114.14
Expository Writing
John Matsui
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an interesting topic and the class discussions. The
instructor was very enthusiastic, and knowledgeable about American history. Students felt that
the assignment expectations were not always explained well, and that their writing did not
improve very much. Suggestions for improvement included better clarification of the
assignments and expectations. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of reading
and writing and that an understanding of history would be helpful.
ENGLISH
AS.060.114.15-16
Expository Writing
Anne-Elizabeth Brodsky
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
Students thought that the instructor was very enthusiastic and patient and provided his
students with helpful feedback, and that their writing improved throughout the semester. They
also liked the small class sizes and in-class discussions. Some students felt that there too much
work, that the grading system was difficult, and that the feedback could have been more
lenient. Suggestions for improvement included having more conferences, more opportunities to
correct and resubmit papers, and more time to complete the assignments. Prospective students
should know that the grading is difficult and that there is a lot of work.
AS.060.114.17
Expository Writing
Benjamin Parris
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.114.18
Expository Writing
Christopher Westcott
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the extensive feedback and conferences with the
instructor. Students were able to improve their writing skills. Students felt that the topic was
sometimes vague and that not all of the readings were interesting. The class sometimes
digressed and the time was not always spent constructively. Suggestions for improvement
included having more in-depth discussions and analyses of the readings. Prospective students
should know that the readings and concepts are very challenging, and that the grading is harsh.
ENGLISH
AS.060.114.19
Expository Writing
Rebecca Buckham
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings and the interactive discussions.
The instructor gave students feedback that helped them improve their writing. Students felt that
the class was rushed at times. Suggestions for improvement included spending less time on
essays and more time on the content, giving students more essay feedback in class, and spacing
out deadlines more evenly. Prospective students should know that the essay assignments are
not unreasonable but that they should stay on top of their work and readings.
AS.060.114.21
Expository Writing
Adam Maskevich
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.114.22
Expository Writing
Douglas Tye
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.133.01
Medicine and Literature
Andrew Daniel
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interesting topics and the engaging lectures. The
instructor made sure that every class meeting was interesting and entertaining. Students felt
that there was not enough time to discuss the reading in class. Suggestions for improvement
included covering less text but going more in-depth on the text they did read and having more
concrete discussions about medicine. Prospective students should know that the class is fun and
that they should do the readings and participate.
ENGLISH
AS.060.156.01
Introduction to Poetry
Erica Tempesta
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspect of this class was reading, analyzing, and participating in open discussions about
the poems. Students felt that the assignments were the worst aspect of the class; many of them
had trouble understanding poetry. Suggestions for improvement included going over concepts
before having to write assignments and having a class on the background of poetry. Prospective
students should know that it is a good introduction to poetry but that some of the concepts are
difficult to grasp.
AS.060.168.01
Literature and the Civil Rights Movement
Eric Sundquist
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the engaging content, thought-provoking reading
material, and writing assignments which were a thoughtful supplement to the course topics. The
instructor was very insightful and knowledgeable. Students felt that there was too much
reading, especially when it was due the same day that a paper was. Suggestions for
improvement included having more discussions and scheduling the papers and readings so they
weren't due at the same time. Prospective students should know that it is a great class but that
there is a lot of reading.
AS.060.201.01-04
The Nineteenth Century British Novel
Amanda Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the readings and the engaging section discussions. The
instructor helped students view novels in a different way than they would have before. Students
felt that the lectures were inconsistent and not always useful, that there was too much reading,
that the quizzes were unfair, and that the grading was harsh. Suggestions for improvement
included reading fewer novels, having a final paper instead of an exam and making the quizzes
more reflective of a reasonable level of knowledge. Prospective students should know that there
is a lot of reading, that going to lecture is important, and that the discussions are interesting and
helpful.
ENGLISH
AS.060.212.01-04
British Literature II: 18th
Century to the Present
Douglas Mao
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the section discussions, and the readings, which
provided students with a good survey of British literature. The instructor made the class exciting
and was very passionate about the material. Students felt that there was too much reading and
that the class went through the material too quickly. Students also thought that the grading was
harsh, that the class was too focused on poetry, and that the lectures weren't always related to
section. Suggestions for improvement included reading fewer texts, having a more structured
syllabus, having a midterm and a final, and reviewing lecture themes in section. Prospective
students should know that the class involves a lot of reading and writing.
AS.060.275.01
The Victorian Novel and the Jewish Question
Jessica Valdez
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussions, the reading selections, and the small
class size. The instructor was very available and took the time to give students useful feedback
on their papers. Students felt that there was too much reading and that it was hard to have
discussions when everyone hadn't been able to finish the reading. Suggestions for improvement
included having more directed and structured class discussion and reading fewer novels.
Prospective students should know that there is a lot of reading, that the novels can be
complicated, and the grading tough, but that there are opportunities to revise writing
assignments.
AS.060.279.01
Law and Literature
Marie O'Connor
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
Students felt that the instructor was very passionate about the subject and approachable, and
that some of the readings were well-chosen. Students felt that the discussions were not lively
enough and that some of the reading was dull. Suggestions for improvement included having
the students discuss more with each other instead of the instructor and having less reading.
Prospective students should know that the workload is fair and the instructor is approachable.
ENGLISH
AS.060.289.01
The Art of Dying: 1485-1650
Magdalena Vinter
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the unique and interesting readings and the engaging in-
class discussions. The instructor was very knowledgeable and interested in the subject, and she
gave students great feedback on their work. Students felt that it was unfair that class
participation and response papers were only worth five percent of their grade and that the
grading was harsh. Students also felt that the readings were dense and that the class didn't need
exams. Suggestions for improvement included changing the grading policy to greater emphasize
participation and spending more time on fewer texts. Prospective students should know that
the readings are difficult but interesting, and that there are two papers: a midterm and a final.
AS.060.291.01
Divided Nations
Rani Neutill
Overall quality of the class: 3.79
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interesting subject matter and the casual class setting,
which led to good discussions. The instructor was very engaging and cared about the subject.
Students felt that the instructor gave them minimal feedback on work, that the grading was
harsh, and that the books weren't chosen well. They felt that the instructor only had one right
answer in mind during discussions and they didn't like that she hadn't read all of the assigned
books. Suggestions for improvement included receiving more and clearer feedback and having
more lectures directly about the material. Prospective students should know that there is a lot
of reading, that the papers and grading can be challenging, and that the class is discussion-
based.
AS.060.305.01
Ancient Tragedy, Modern Thought
Richard Halpern
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the engaging class discussions, facilitated well by the
knowledgeable professor. Students did not, however, enjoy the long and often challenging
supplementary reading assignments. Suggestions for improvement included giving students
more feedback on essays and incorporating some shorter written assignments to help
discussion and give students more opportunities to raise their grades. Prospective students
should know that the reading load is heavy, but the content is interesting.
ENGLISH
AS.060.318.01
The Theology of Narrative
Jared Hickman
Overall quality of the class: 4.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the thought-provoking class discussions and the engaging
professor, who facilitated discussion and inspired students' understanding of the texts. Some
students felt that the readings were challenging at times and that in general the workload was
heavy. Suggestions for improvement included lightening the reading load to allow the class to
spend more time on each text. Future students should know that this class involves a lot of
reading and writing, but it is rewarding, especially due to the professor's unique insights.
AS.060.332.01
Jewish American Fiction
Eric Sundquist
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enjoyable class discussions, the engaging and
welcoming professor, and the interesting material. The worst aspect of this course was the very
heavy reading load. Suggestions for improvement included lightening the weekly reading load to
include short stories or poems instead of novels, or simply devoting more time to each book.
Future students should know that this small class is very enjoyable, but there is a lot of reading
in addition to weekly written responses.
AS.060.334.01
Oaths, Pledges, Promises and Pacts: Literature and Obligation
Andrew Daniel
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the knowledgeable, enthusiastic, and passionate professor.
Some students felt the philosophical readings were dense and difficult, and that the workload in
general was heavy. Suggestions for improvement included focusing more on literature rather
than philosophy. Prospective students should know that the reading load is challenging and the
professor's expectations are high, but the material and the instructor make the class well worth
taking.
ENGLISH
AS.060.335.01
Romantic Literature
Frances Ferguson
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.060.389.01
The Political Novel
Amanda Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.82
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the engaging class discussions, the professor's valuable
feedback, and the interesting novels assigned. Some students found the reading load heavy, but
not surprisingly so. Most students did not identify a worst aspect of this course. Suggestions for
improvement included spending more time discussing some novels over others. Prospective
students should know that there is a lot of reading in this course and it is important to stay on
top of it, but the material is interesting and enjoyable.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.660.101.01
Writing a Business Plan
Lawrence Aronhime, Annette Leps, Julie Reiser, Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
Students found that the best aspects of this course included its structure, with each professor
specializing in the topic they presented. As a one-credit introductory class it served its purpose well as a
crash-course in writing a business plan. The worst aspects of this course included the sometimes
disorganized class structure and the amount of work it required for only one credit. Suggestions for
improvement included changing the length of the course and improving the structure, focusing on
increased communication between the different professors. Prospective students should know that this
is an introductory course, but it is unique in that it only meets once a week for a month, and thus the
work is intensive.
EN.660.103.01
The Promise and Peril of Microfinance
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging, knowledgeable professor, interactive seminar-
style discussions, and the large amount learned. Students found the worst aspects of this course were
the challenging and time-consuming assignments despite the pass/fail grading system, and the general
timing of the course, in the middle of the semester and for blocks of three hours. The main suggestion
for improvement was to have a more normal course schedule so that more material can be covered.
Prospective students should be aware that this is an engaging and fun introductory course and no
background is required, and that participation is important.
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
EN.660.105.01-06
Introduction to Business
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging professor and lectures, and the wide range of
topics covered. The worst aspects of this course were the number of assignments, many of which
seemed irrelevant, and the amount of writing and examinations involved. Suggestions for improvement
included a lighter workload and less obscure test questions. Future students should know that there is a
lot of work for this class, but while much of it is tedious and time-consuming, it is not difficult.
EN.660.203.01
Financial Accounting
Lawrence Aronhime
Overall quality of the class: 4.61
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the excellent professor and his interactive, engaging lectures. The
worst aspects included the repetitive nature of the homework assignments and the boring subject
matter. Suggestions for improvement included more real-world applications of the material in the form
of case studies, and splitting up into sections to make the class smaller. Prospective students should be
aware of the importance of paying attention and participating in this class, as well as keeping on top of
the homework assignments.
EN.660.203.02-03
Financial Accounting
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.34
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's approachability and genuine interest in her
students, her effective lectures and assignments, and the usefulness of the content. The worst aspects
of this course were the amount of information presented and the number of quizzes and exams.
Suggestions for improvement included providing better resources for studying and making homework
assignments mandatory. Prospective students should be aware that the material can be dry but that
going to class is important. It is recommended that future students complete the optional homework.
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
EN.660.203.04
Financial Accounting
Jack Powell
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were its interesting curriculum and well-informed, engaging professor.
The worst aspects of this course were the long lectures, weekly quizzes, and challenging material.
Suggestions for improvement included more graded assignments. Prospective students should be
prepared to study hard on their own and keep on top of their work in order to do well.
EN.660.250.01
Principles of Marketing
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the informative textbook, the interesting and engaging professor
and his use of videos in lecture, and the educational assignments. The worst aspects of this course were
the daily quizzes and long textbook readings. Suggestions for improvement included fewer quizzes and
incorporating guest speakers and interactive discussions into the class. Future students should be
prepared for daily quizzes and a fair amount of work, but should know that this course is a good outline
of an interesting subject.
EN.660.250.02
Principles of Marketing
Cheryl Williams
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the interesting material, the broad range of topics covered, and in-
class group discussions. The worst aspects of this class were the frequent quizzes and the teacher's style
of lecturing, which students did not find engaging. Suggestions for improvement included a more
focused curriculum with more homework assignments applying the material. Prospective students
should be aware that there is a quiz every class, and that there is a lot of reading and busy work
assigned, but it is not difficult.
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
EN.660.250.03
Principles of Marketing
Marci DeVries
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the knowledgeable professor's fun, engaging lectures, group
activities, and real-world applications of the material. The worst aspect of this course was the daily
quizzes. Suggestions for improvement included fewer quizzes with more basic questions. Future
students should know that this course includes a large group project and daily quizzes, which require
preparation.
EN.660.250.04
Principles of Marketing
Josianne Pennington
Overall quality of the class: 3.76
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging and experienced teacher and her organized teaching
style, including real-world examples and an educational marketing plan project. The worst aspects of
this class were the daily quizzes and some of the class resources, such as outdated videos and a poorly-
written textbook. Suggestions for improvement included providing students with better explanations of
the material as well as project expectations. Prospective students should be aware that the workload for
this class is fairly light, but being prepared for the daily quizzes and staying on top of the reading
assignments and long-term projects is important.
EN.660.250.05
Principles of Marketing
Theresa Jones
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were the interactive lectures, energetic professor, and fun group project.
The worst aspects of this course were the frequent quizzes and lack of intellectual challenge.
Suggestions for improvement included changing both the format of and material on the quizzes, such as
assigning readings to correspond better with quiz material and taking the quizzes at the end of class
rather than the beginning to allow time for discussion and explanation first. Future students should
know that this class includes a project that you must stay on top of, and preparing for the quizzes is vital
to succeeding.
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
EN.660.303.01
Managerial Accounting
Annette Leps
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the understanding professor, fair grading, and helpful,
educational assignments. The worst aspects of this course included occasionally vague problem set
questions and the multiple choice format of the exams. A suggestion for improvement was free answer
sections on the exams. Future students should know that there is a fair amount of work in this class and
staying on top of assignments is important. Students should also know that this course is very different
from financial accounting despite the similar course title.
EN.660.308.01
Business Law I
David Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the manageable workload, the funny and knowledgeable
professor, and the helpful examples used in lectures. The worst aspect of this class was the three-hour
meeting time. Students also found lectures hard to follow at times. Suggestions for improvement
included making lectures more interactive, structuring them to be more concise, and including slides or
handouts. Prospective students should know that this is an interesting class with a light workload and
great professor, but going to class is important.
EN.660.308.02
Business Law I
Charles Morton
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the knowledgeable instructors and both practical and thought-
provoking topics of discussion. The worst aspect of this course was the long, dry, and occasionally
disorganized lectures. Suggestions for improvement included supplementing lectures with Power Point
presentations or class note sheets, and providing study guides or other aids for exam review.
Prospective students should know that this course is challenging and it will be difficult to understand the
material without doing the readings; however, the class is very informative and enjoyable.
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
EN.660.310.01
Case Studies in Business Ethics
Douglas Sandhaus
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the charismatic and engaging professor and the interesting class
discussions. The worst aspects of the course included the seemingly arbitrary and harsh grading of
assignments with no helpful feedback, and the occasionally tangential discussions. Suggestions for
improvement included more consistent grading and feedback on assignments, and splitting the long
lecture up into two class meetings during the week. Prospective students should know that the bulk of
the work for this class is due at the end of the semester, but that participation throughout the semester
is important.
EN.660.311.01
Law and the Internet
Mark Franceschini
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the educational use of case studies, the interesting material,
and the teacher's engaging lectures. The worst aspects of this class included the group project and the
difficult exams that asked students about very small details. Suggestions for improvement included
making the class more interactive by incorporating discussion. Future students should know that this
class is interesting and the reading load is manageable.
EN.660.331.01
Leadership in Teams
Donna Crane
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the dynamic professor, fun and interesting material easy
applied to real life, and educational labs. The worst aspect of the course was the occasionally repetitive
weekly assignments. Suggestions for improvement included giving labs more structure and allotting
more time to discussion. Future students should know that this class is very educational and teaches
valuable skills for the professional world. Participating and doing the assignments are important to doing
well.
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
EN.660.332.01-02
Leadership Theory
William Smedick
Overall quality of the class: 4.76
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lectures and interactive discussions. Students
felt that they learned valuable lessons applicable to the real world and that the class provided them with
an educational opportunity for self-reflection. The worst aspects of this course were the weekly writing
assignments and a lack of feedback on the papers. Suggestions for improvement included presenting
more historical or real-world examples in lectures. Prospective students should be aware that this class
involves weekly writing assignments, and though the workload is fairly heavy the class is both enjoyable
and worth the work.
EN.660.336.01
Community Engineering : Interdisciplinary Problem Solving
Peter Beilenson, Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands on experience you gain while working in the field.
You get the opportunity to make an impact and difference in the Baltimore community. The work is
relevant, useful, and practical. The worst aspects of the course were that some of the lectures were
unnecessary and disorganized, the feedback was limited, and there was a limited amount of time to
complete the project. To improve the course, student suggested having more structure in the course,
allowing more time for the projects by starting them earlier in the semester or making this a 2 semester
course. Other students suggested having mandatory team meetings with the professors to obtain
feedback and discuss any issues or problems they are having. Future students should know that this is a
good course if you are motivated and interested in working in the community. You spend a lot of time
outside of class working on the project and you must be able to work in groups.
EN.660.340.01
Principles of Management
Joshua Reiter
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a professor who was passionate, engaging, and charismatic.
Students enjoyed the end of year simulation ­ they found it very innovative. They also liked that he
asked for feedback from the students and then tailored the class based on the responses. The worst
aspect of the course was that the lectures could be long and boring. Also, some students did not like the
textbook. To improve the class, students suggested having more group discussions on real life examples
and current business headlines. Future students should know that you should come to class ready to
participate and ask questions. There is a group presentation so you will need to meet outside of class
time to complete this.
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
EN.660.350.01
Marketing Strategy
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the case studies that applied to the real world. The material
learned is very applicable and useful. The worst aspect of the class is that there is a lot of fast-paced
work each week. Also the textbook was hard to understand, dry, and dense. To improve the class,
students suggested incorporating more interesting and current case studies, and slowing down the pace
of the course. Future students should know that there is a lot of work each week but the material is
applicable to a future job in marketing or business.
EN.660.352.01
New Product Development
Michael Agronin
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the practical knowledge and experience gained by going through the
steps of actually developing a new product. The students enjoyed the interesting and knowledgeable
guest speakers. The worst aspect of the course is that it can be disorganized and lacking in time
management and guidance. There is a lot of rushing at the last minute to finish things. To improve the
course, students suggested a different meeting format for the class: either make the each class shorter,
or meet twice a week earlier in the day. Also students would have liked more time in the beginning to
choose a product category and do more preliminary work on their product. Some students suggested
having the instructor send an email before the start of the semester explaining the premise of the class
so that they can begin to brainstorm on what product they would like to develop. Future students
should know that there is a lot of group work so you need to be a team player and be ready to interact
with people. Students who are creative and have an interest in entrepreneurship will enjoy this class.
EN.660.354.01
Consumer Behavior
Donna Crane
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of this course is the professor whom students describe as amazing, awesome,
enthusiastic, and caring. Students said the material is practical and interesting. Some students said the
worst aspect of the course is that it was too easy at times and some of the experiments and labs were
not relevant. To improve the class, students suggested fewer labs and lab write ups, more explanation
on the lab write-ups, and an introduction to the ethnographic research project earlier in the semester.
Future students should know that most students highly recommend the class, and that the workload
and grading is very fair.
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND MANAGEMENT
EN.660.401.01
Advanced Corporate Finance
Jack Powell
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.660.404.01
Business Law II
David Fisher
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the easy to understand lectures that were taught in an organized
and straightforward manner. Students found the instructor passionate, responsive, engaging, and
thought-provoking. The worst aspects of the course were that the material could be dense and that the
professor was sometimes repetitive and long-winded. Some students found the exam questions
ambiguous and unclear. To improve the class, students suggested more frequent small assignments and
homework, lectures that were more concise and focused on the central points. Future students should
know that class is manageable and that the exams are based on the content that is covered in class so
attendance is very important.
EN.660.450.01
Advertising & Integrated Marketing Communication
Leslie Kendrick
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the real world experience that you obtain working with a client to
develop an integrated marketing campaign. Students enjoyed the unique and practical learning that
occurred in this class. The worst aspect of the class is the uneven distribution of work load - if you were
not a manager or coordinator, you did not have a lot of work to do. Also, many students did not like that
they could not pick their client. To improve the class, students suggested more participation and
involvement from the whole class and not just the managers and coordinators. They wanted a better
way to evenly divide the work load. Future students should know that it is important to do the daily
reading since the grades are derived from class participation and the reading quizzes. It is helpful to
have at least some background in marketing.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.061.141.01
Introduction to Cinema, 1941-present
Linda DeLibero
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the class discussions and quality of film selections for screenings.
The worse aspects of this course were the difficulty of the quizzes and the length of the meeting time.
This course could be improved by shortening the class time and making the class size smaller.
Prospective students should know that it is a large time commitment, but is a great class for anyone
interested in film.
AS.061.150.01
Introduction to Film Production
Matthew Porterfield
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspect of this class is the hands-on filming experience. The worst aspect of this class was the
film screenings, which did not seem relevant to the course objective. This class could be improved by
removing the screenings. Prospective students should know that it is a very high quality course and a
great introduction to film production.
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
AS.061.230.01
Intermediate Film Production
John Mann
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the instructor and the ability to work continuously on your film
while receiving feedback. The worst aspect of this course was the lack of practice working with the film
cameras. This class could be improved by dedicating more class time to learning to use equipment.
Prospective students should know that this course involves a lot of independent work.
AS.061.245.01
Introduction to Film Theory
Meredith Ward
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the stimulating class discussions and the weekly screenings. The
worst aspect of the course was having a long lecture followed by screenings on the same day. This
course could be improved by improving the overall scheduling of the course. Prospective students
should know that it is important to keep up with the material and engage.
AS.061.259.01
Baltimore Filmmakers
Jimmy Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the visiting artists from Baltimore. The worst aspect of this class was
that it may have been overly easy. This course could be improved by having more class discussion.
Prospective students should know that the course has a manageable workload and is very enjoyable for
students with interest in the Baltimore art community.
AS.061.315.01
Screenwriting by Genre
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects this course were the insightful instructor and in class workshops. The worst aspect of
this class is the shortness of the class. This class could be improved by more introductory work.
Prospective students should know the basics of writing a screenplay.
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
AS.061.322.01
Women in Hollywood Film
Lucy Bucknell
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the subject matter and the class discussions. The worst aspect of
this course was the large time commitment. This class could be improved by decreasing the film
viewings to once per week and increasing discussion. Prospective students should know that this course
is not an introductory-level course, and has lengthy outside work.
AS.061.352.01
Media Workshop
Matthew Porterfield, Meredith Ward
Overall quality of this course: 5.00
The best aspects of this course include the quality of professors, a good mixture of theory and practice,
and the selected readings. Students also enjoyed the projects and interactions through a small class
setting. Some students felt that the deadlines for the projects were somewhat rushed. More technical
assistance could also improve the quality of the class. Future students should be aware that the
workload of the class is heavy and prior knowledge of cameras and photo editing will help, but the work
is worth the time.
AS.061.359.01
Documentary Film
Bernadette Wegenstein
Overall quality of this course: 4.16
The different documentary films watched during class and the class discussions were the best aspects of
the class. The professor was also very knowledgeable and approachable. Some students felt that the
class meeting time was too long, and that there were too many readings assigned. A smaller class size
would improve the class by allowing each student to speak more during discussions. Students taking this
class should know that the grading system and assignments may not be very clear, and that a lot of time
should be allowed for homework.
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
AS.061.381.01
Sound on Film
Karen Yasinsky
Overall quality of this course: 4.50
The best features of this course were the knowledgeable and insightful guest speakers, and the
opportunity to collaborate with the Peabody students to produce a film. Sharing inputs with students
from different backgrounds helped provide different perspectives to the course; however, sometimes
students felt that the pairing of groups made working on the projects difficult. More organization of
deadlines and group project process would improve the class. Future students should know that every
student needs to spend a significant time outside of the classroom since the projects require substantial
input and commitment from all members.
AS.061.387.01
Practicum in Advanced Documentary Filmmaking
Linda DeLibero
Overall quality of this course: 3.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.061.397.01
French Masculinities
Laura Mason
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
The best aspects of this course include the stimulating and lively discussions that helped to clarify both
the readings and the films. Students also enjoyed the choice of films watched in class; however, some
students felt that the instructor could have given the discussion more structure. More participation of
the instructor during class discussions and spacing out the two classes instead of having both on the
same day would improve the quality of the class. Prospective students should know that receiving a high
grade in this course can be difficult, and prior background knowledge of French history could be helpful
for the class.
AS.061.399.01
Stop-Motion Puppet Animation
Karen Yasisnky
Overall quality of this course: 3.57
Students enjoyed being able to animate a short film by the end of the course even though most students
did not have prior background knowledge of this field. Some students felt that there was a lack of
structure and organization in the class. Having more time to animate in the classroom could improve
this course. Students enrolling in this class should know that significant time must be dedicated outside
of the classroom.
FILM AND MEDIA STUDIES
AS.061.413.01
Lost & Found Film
John Mann
Overall quality of this course: 4.64
The best aspects of this course include the professor who allows for creative freedom, engages students,
and offers constructive criticism. Some students felt that the class discussions could have been more
organized. Students also suggested having more discussions overall. Students highly recommend taking
this course.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.570.110.01
Introduction to Engineering for Sustainable Development
Erica Schoenberger
Overall quality of this class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included material that was relevant and caused students to think
about important issues. The speakers provided students with diverse perspectives and students
were able to work in groups. Students felt that there were too many readings, that the
expectations were vague, and that the course was disorganized. Suggestions for improvement
included making the class more engineering-based and having more group projects. Prospective
students should know that there is a lot of reading and group work and that the course is
intellectually stimulating.
EN.570.210.01
Computation/Math Modeling
Peter Wilcock
Overall quality of this class: 4.03
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was an instructor who was very helpful and attentive and wanted
his students to learn the material. The class was very hands-on and the instructor was lenient
about deadlines. Students felt that the homework was very challenging and took a long time.
Some students would have liked for certain concepts, such as VBA, to be introduced better.
Suggestions for improvement included having better lecture material, using Power Points more
and having practice problems. Prospective students should know that it helps to have
background knowledge in coding, that it is an interesting but challenging class, and that the
usual professor was away this semester.
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
EN.570.239.01
Emerging Environ Issues
A Roberts
Overall quality of this class: 3.91
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the comprehensive lectures, and the interesting
material that was applicable to real life. The instructor is knowledgeable and passionate about
the material. Students felt that the grading was harsh, that the lectures were tedious and that
the chemistry material was difficult. Some students felt that the instructor took off unnecessary
points on tests and was hard to communicate with. Suggestions for improvement included
putting handouts on Blackboard to reduce paper usage and having a more interactive class.
Prospective students should know that the class will be easier with a background in organic
chemistry, that homework and exams are straightforward but can be challenging, and that a lot
of material is covered.
EN.570.302.01
Water & Wastewater Treatment
William Ball
Overall quality of this class: 3.39
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful homework assignments and interesting
lectures. Students liked that the paper was due in parts and thought that the instructor was
helpful; however, students felt that they did not receive enough feedback and that the material
could be dull. Students also felt that the instructor was disorganized and that too much material
was covered. Suggestions for improvement included getting a TA to help with grading, and
making sure to be prepared for each lecture. Prospective students should know that there is a
lot of work and that reading the book is helpful.
EN.570.304.01-02
Environmental Eng Lab
A Roberts
Overall quality of this class: 3.74
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on experience in the laboratory and learning
how to work in groups. Students felt that the labs involved a lot of work and that the lab reports
were very long. Students also felt that it took too long for the instructor to grade their work,
that the grading was harsh, and that they did not receive enough feedback. Suggestions for
improvement included better preparing students for labs, grading work quicker, having fewer
labs, and being more approachable as an instructor. Prospective students should know that
there is a lot of work, that formatting is important in lab reports, and that the professor has high
expectations.
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
EN.570.328.01
Geography & Ecology of Plants
Grace Brush
Overall quality of this class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lectures and the field trips. The
instructor was very knowledgeable which allowed students to really think about ecology.
Students felt that there was too much reading and that it was hard to have the final grade
depend completely on the final project. Students also think that the class was too big to have
useful discussions. Suggestions for improvement included having more and smaller assignments,
making students responsible for the material covered in class, and having parts of the project
due throughout the semester. Prospective students should know that their whole grade is based
on the final project/paper and that the class has a light workload.
EN.570.375.01
Groundwater
Markus Hilpert
Overall quality of this class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.407.01
Comparison of Environmental Challenges and Governance in China and the US
Hedy Alavi, Edward Bouwer
Overall quality of this class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interactions with students and researchers in Nanjing
and the guest speakers. The instructor provided students with lots of constructive feedback.
Students felt, however that the class was disorganized and sometimes lost focus, and that there
was a language barrier between the US and Chinese students. Suggestions for improvement
included discussing the readings and doing a better job following the syllabus. Prospective
students should know that it helps to have a background in Chinese politics, that they should
participate during class, and that they should do all of the readings.
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
EN.570.421.01
Env Eng Design II
Edward Bouwer
Overall quality of this class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included gaining the real-world experience of designing their own
structures, and listening to the guest lecturers. Students felt that the projects were detail-
oriented and that the requirements were sometimes confusing and vague. Suggestions for
improvement included providing help getting started with designs and having lectures from
good presenters. Prospective students should know that the class requires a lot of work and that
they should come to class prepared with information about their progress.
EN.570.428.01
Problems in Applied Economics
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of this class: 4.60
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.441.01
Environmental Inorganic Chemistry
Alan Stone
Overall quality of this class: 4.67
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.446.01
Bio Process Water/Wastewater Trtmt
Edward Bouwer
Overall quality of this class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the well-organized lectures and the relevant material.
Students learned about the full wastewater treatment process. Students felt that the homework
was not related to the lectures and that the book was not usually helpful. Suggestions for
improvement included having examples in class to help with homework, and making the
homework more related to the lectures. Prospective students should know that it helps to have
a background in wastewater treatment and that the homework takes a long time to complete.
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
EN.570.448.01
Phys/Chem Processes II
Kai Loon Chen
Overall quality of this class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the organized lectures and the interesting material. The
professor cared about students learning and understanding the material. Students felt that the
grading was too harsh. Suggestions for improvement included having less homework on Excel,
no more fill-in-the-blank handouts, and going to a real wastewater treatment plant. Prospective
students should know that the class is graded harshly but that it is relatable for future
applications.
EN.570.449.01
Social Theory for Engineers
Erica Schoenberger
Overall quality of this class: 5.00
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.452.01-02
Exper Meth Env Eng Chem
Alan Stone
Overall quality of this class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were learning how to do experimental research and scientific
writing. The TA was very helpful. Students felt that they did not receive enough feedback on
their work and that they were not able to improve as much as they expected. Suggestions for
improvement included giving more feedback and grading work more quickly. Prospective
students should know that it helps to have experience and an interest in chemistry and working
in a lab.
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
EN.570.460.01
Environmental Colloidal Phenomena
Kai Loon Chen
Overall quality of this class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a well-prepared professor and lectures that are well-
presented. Students felt that the notes did not help with the homework and that the homework
was sometimes too difficult. Suggestions for improvement included assigning a textbook and
giving students enough reference information to do their homework. Prospective students
should know that the homework and tests can be complicated and that the grading is very
harsh.
EN.570.470.01
Applied Econ & Finance
Steve Hanke
Overall quality of this class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the relevant material that is useful for real life, especially a
career in finance. Students enjoyed doing financial models in Excel and received a lot of
feedback from the instructor. Students' only complaint was that the course meets only once per
week. Suggestions for improvement included using a course website. Prospective students
should know that there is a lot of work involved, but that all of it is worthwhile.
EN.570.491.01
Hazardous Waste Eng & Mgmt
Hedy Alavi
Overall quality of this class: 4.14
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was an instructor who was knowledgeable and enthusiastic. The
content was very interesting and covered a wide range of applicable topics. Students felt that
the three-hour class was too long, that the lectures were dense and that the exams were overly
detail-oriented. Suggestions for improvement included having the class multiple days a week
and presenting the lectures in more varied ways. Prospective students should know that they
will learn a lot of useful information, and should take excellent notes.
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
EN.570.496.01
Urban and Environmental Systems
Justin Williams
Overall quality of this class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was an instructor who was knowledgeable, organized and
passionate about the subject. The class introduced applicable models of urban planning.
Students did not feel the course had many bad aspects, stating that the class was small and had
a light workload. Suggestions for improvement included using slides for lectures and more
thoroughly teaching students how to use CPLEX. Prospective students should know that it helps
to have a strong foundation in math.
EN.570.607.01
Energy Pol & Plan Models
Benjamin Hobbs
Overall quality of the class; 4.42
Summary:
The class was useful and relates to the real world, and the instructor was knowledgeable about
the material. The lectures and readings were also very interesting. Students felt that the class
was difficult, that there was a lot of work, and that there was too much information to learn in
only three hours every week. Suggestions for improvement included offering notes online,
holding the class during the day, and focusing lectures on highlighting the most important
concepts. Prospective students should know that the class is good but challenging and that it
helps to have a foundation in optimization and economics.
EN.570.608.01
Data Analytics for Engineering, Policy Analysis and Management
Seth Guikema
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included an instructor who was very approachable and helpful,
and the interesting materials and lectures. The statistical models were very applicable to real
world problems. Students felt that the mathematical models were hard to understand and that
the material was covered too quickly to learn it thoroughly enough. Suggestions for
improvement included giving concrete examples of models, practicing R programming more,
and slowing down the pace. Prospective students should know that they need to have a
background in statistics, that some knowledge of R helps, and that the course material is very
practical.
GEOGRAPHY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
EN.570.612.01
Infrastructure Modeling, Simulation, and Analysis
Seth Guikema
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.618.01
Multiobject Programming and Planning
Justin Williams
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.570.657.01
Air Pollution
Joseph Ellis
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interesting lectures and the well-designed homework
assignments. The instructor truly inspired interest in the subject matter. Students felt that the
term paper was structured too loosely and that material was covered very quickly. Suggestions
for improvement included using a more interesting lecture style, using visuals during
simulations, and redesigning the assessment to more fairly reflect learning. Prospective students
should know that the class is straightforward with fair grading, a great professor, and a good
overview of air pollution.
EN.570.676.01
Stochastic Programming
Joseph Ellis
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included a knowledgeable and helpful instructor, informative
lectures, and straightforward homework assignments. Students felt that lectures moved too
quickly and were hard to follow, and that the concepts were very difficult to understand.
Suggestions for improvement included having more hands-on applications of methods and
programs, slowing down the class a little, and having the instructor provide a guide of the
required readings before each class. Prospective students should know that a background in
mathematics is more important than a background in programming.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.210.102.01
French Elements II
Claude Guillemard
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
Students thought that the instructor was very effective because she gave students detailed
feedback and made students care about learning French. They also liked that the class was
taught in French. Students felt that there was too much work, that they could have used class
time to cover material for exams, and that there were too many projects. Suggestions for
improvement included having an online textbook, focusing on learning vocabulary during class
and having more correspondence between class exercises and Centro exercises, with students
knowing when assignments would be posted online. Prospective students should know that
there is a lot of work and attention to detail required, but that they will improve their French
skills.
AS.210.102.02
French Elements II
Rebecca Loescher
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interesting and creative assignments and the
instructor who was very knowledgeable and helpful. Students enjoyed the sections on Tuesdays.
Students felt that the workload was too heavy and that they did not have a chance to apply the
skills that they learned. Students also thought that the class was disorganized and that there
was poor communication between the professors, TAs, and students. Suggestions for
improvement included having more one-on-one time with the instructor and having more
discussion sections so that students can improve their speaking skills in a more intimate
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
environment. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of busywork and that they
should study by using the textbook.
AS.210.102.03
French Elements II
Sophie Turner
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The small class size was a great environment to learn a language, and students appreciated that
the language was taught using practical topics. Students felt that there was a lot of work and not
enough conversation in the class. Exams were sometimes moved without enough warning, and
assignments were not always collected. Suggestions for improvement included having more
speaking and teaching during class, and including more multimedia teaching methods.
Prospective students should know that they should stay on top of their homework and that their
conversational skills will improve greatly.
AS.210.102.04
French Elements II
Clare Brennan
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the class discussions, the encouraging instructor, and the
autobiographies that the students wrote. Students were able to constantly practice French in
class. Students felt that the Tuesday sessions were not useful and that the coursework was very
heavy. Suggestions for improvement included focusing more on speaking French, having fewer
assignments, and focusing on pronunciation. Prospective students should know that there is a
lot of work and that they are not guaranteed an A.
AS.210.102.05
French Elements II
Abigail Alexander
Overall quality of this class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the approachable instructor and TA, and the organization
of the class. The homework helped students learn and review. Students felt that the daily
homework was very tedious and the projects at the end of the course were excessive.
Suggestions for improvement included having a more interactive class, learning more about
French culture, and making the online portion of the class easier to use. Prospective students
should know that they should do their homework and try not to fall behind because the class
builds upon itself and so it is important not to forget old material.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.111.02
Spanish Elements 1
Michelle Tracy
Overall quality of this course: 4.31
The best aspects of the course included the speaking activities, fun learning aspects and lots of
class involvement. The worst aspects of the course included the online components, i.e. videos
and web assignments. The writing composition was also considered as one of the worse aspects.
Suggestions for improving the course included eliminating the Spanish Lab, provide more
quizzes and rid the class of videos. Future students should be prepared to review/practice the
language at home, so read ahead and be ready to work.
AS.210.112.01
Spanish Elements II
Cathleen Carris
Overall quality of this course: 3.73
The best aspects of the course included a professor who made the class very interactive,
enjoyable and interesting to learn a new language. The worst aspects of the course included the
textbook which were viewed as difficult to understand at this class level, along with the class
moving very slowly. Suggestions for improving would be a more balanced work schedule
throughout the semester and a reduction in class size. Future students should study Spanish
outside of class, as well, so you can be ahead and not behind. Make sure to focus on the
grammar and be prepared for class daily, ready to speak.
AS.210.112.02
Spanish Elements II
Maria Ruhlmann
Overall quality of this course: 3.57
The best aspects of the course included speaking and learning Spanish well, along with constant
reinforcement. It's easy to get a good grade if all of the work is done. The worst aspect of the
course included too much English spoken in the class and not enough speaking and listening in
Spanish along with too much of a focus on grammar/syntax. Suggestions for improving the class
would be speaking less English and more listening questions/reading comprehension on the
test. Future students should have already taken Elements 1 and stay on top of all the vocabulary
and verbs.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.112.03
Spanish Elements II
Maria Ramos, MichelleTracy
Overall quality of this course: 4.25
The best aspects of this course were having a professor who was a great teacher along with
having a small class provided for everyone to speak and practice and speaking in Spanish all the
time. The worst aspect of this course was having a professor who only speaks Spanish, making
some of the work difficult and hard to understand. The video sessions were viewed as unhelpful
by some students. Suggestions for improving the course include having more conversation
practices and having the class concentrate more on what we read from the textbook. Future
students should know there is no English spoken in the class, the grading is pretty tough and
minimal Spanish is needed.
AS.210.112.04
Spanish Elements II
Michelle Tracy
Overall quality of this course: 3.75
The best aspects of the course included the class being very predictable, i.e., there aren't many
surprises on exams and homework so it's easy to do well; also, the small class size and our class
discussions. The worst aspects of the course included My Spanish lab since it doesn't give
partial credit, like the exams, so a few small errors often lead to bad scores and the oral
examinations in front of the class where the grade of one student can be dependent on how
well the other student knows the material. Suggestions for improving the course included one
on one oral examination with the professor instead of in front the whole class, more verbal
interaction and more creative assignments. Future students should be aware the class is pretty
easy if you have taken high school Spanish, though this is fast paced learning and there is a
amount of work to complete.
AS.210.112.05
Spanish Elements II
Amy Sheeran
Overall quality of this course: 4.06
The best aspects of the course included the small class size with very interactive learning and
the instructor was great. The worst aspects of the course included oral presentations and My
Spanish Lab (MSL) since a lot of the questions on MSL don't make sense and are very
ambiguous. Suggestions for improving the course include more speaking in class, possibly in
smaller groups, and getting rid of My Spanish Lab. Future students should be aware that taking
an Elements 1 or having a preliminary knowledge of Spanish would help greatly. Also, if you
don't like participating in class, this will not be an enjoyable course for you as your in-class
participation is an inherent part of your grade.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.112.06
Spanish Elements II
Christopher Ray
Overall quality of this course: 4.67
The best aspects of the course included a great instructor who was very enthusiastic and willing
to teach his students. The worst aspect of the course included the exercises that were required
in the text, and online, were annoying. Suggestions for improving the course include being able
to speak more conversationally and the listening section of the test seemed somehow unfairly
weighted for grading and should be re-calibrated. Future students should know that their
Spanish skill can be enhanced and they should plan on consistent and committed studying, as
well as engagement, to do well.
AS.210.152.01
Italian Elements II
Alessandro Zannirato
Overall quality of this course: 4.09
The best aspects of the course included a strong emphasis on verbal communication, small class
settings, and the focus on practical use of language instead of grammar. The worst aspects of
the course were the use of Italian was encouraged but not enforced and there were not enough
speaking or writing opportunities that were corrected, to be prepared for orals and
compositions. Suggestions for improving the course would be to have more discussions, use a
system other than Blackboard, and a list of vocabulary words after each unit. Future students
should have a little background in Italian, practice and completing your homework. Be prepared
to speak up in class.
AS.210.152.02
Italian Elements II
Janet Gomez
Overall quality of this course: 3.67
The best aspects of the course included having a small class, lots of class interaction and
learning quite a bit in a short amount of time. The worst aspects of the course included not
enough time between test or quizzes to learn from mistakes and those same test/quizzes are
not given back to keep for reference. Suggestions for improving the class include making due
dates more clear, more question and answer by the professor and more review sessions along
with tutoring and exercises in class. Future students should know test and quizzes are always
together, and the class is not technically cumulative but you need to know the older information
for every test.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.152.03
Italian Elements II
Alyssa Falcone
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
The best aspects of the course included learning lots of Italian, awesome classroom
environment and the TA was very intelligent and truly cared about the teaching the class Italian.
The worst aspects of the course included the grading scale, which was viewed as difficult,
frustrating and often misleading, as well as too many small assignments. Suggestions for
improving the class were to have more speaking and listening practices, with using a textbook
that is NOT an all-Italian workbook, since this is an Elements class. Future students should know
they will have to study daily, there will have plenty of homework and they must practice and use
their newly learned Italian during class.
AS.210.152.04
Italian Elements II
Rebecca Lee Green
Overall quality of this course: 3.83
The best aspects of this course included an extremely courteous and helpful professor. The class
is interactive and covers a lot of Italian. The worst aspects of this course were the test and
quizzes were too long for class time allotted, and the time management/pacing for the course
wasn't well planned out. Suggestions for improving include a better textbook, providing more
information on material which will be on the test and have a native speaker as the instructor.
Future students should expect consistent homework and frequent assignments. The grading is
fair in many aspects but strict on grammar summaries and written compositions.
AS.210.152.05
Italian Elements II
Judith Rifeser
Overall quality of this course: 3.71
The best aspects of this course included having Instructor Rifeser, who was incredible and very
effective in her teaching along with a great amount of interaction between students in class.
The worst aspects of this course include too many quizzes and assignments which fall at the
same time such as an entire week will be dedicated to testing. Suggestions for improving the
class include the need for more structure, spreading out the major assignments and not having a
test the day after a quiz. Also, better grading guidelines and the teachers should have an idea of
what are on the tests before given to the students, since they are teaching the material to
students. Future students need to know they will have to work hard, there is a lot of busy work
and this class will take lots of your time.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.162.01
German Elements II
James Pelcher
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
The best aspects of the course were that the class was small, the professor was German and the
TA was very helpful. The worst aspects of the course included the amount of homework and
heavy workload, as well as many times the class was unorganized regarding the syllabus and
how it was followed. Suggestions for improving the course included less homework and longer
hour(s) per class, as opposed to an hour every day. Future students should know there is much
busy work; you need a real commitment to learning German and the grading system is fair.
AS.210.162.02
German Elements II
Bryan Klausmeyer
Overall quality of this course: 3.35
The best aspects of the course included an excellent Instructor who explained the materials
well. The TA was incredible as well and communicated grammar concepts in a clear and
effective manner. The approaches for learning varied and made it interesting. The worst
aspects of the course included the amount of "busy work", which was considered
overwhelming, with an average of about (6) hours per weekend. Some students felt the course
was disorganized, and others thought Prof. Mifflin would undermine Bryan's authority and
snicker when students answered questions incorrectly making them feel bad. Suggestions for
improving the class include providing more time on grammar and pronunciation, less busy work,
more class time and communication with less worksheets on the overhead. Future students
should know there is an excessive workload, i.e. homework/classwork and if you have a
background in German that would help greatly.
AS.210.162.03
German Elements II
Deborah Mifflin
Overall quality of this course: 4.54
The best aspects of the course included a great professor, Mifflin, who makes the course fun
and interesting. The lessons are well planned and engaging. The TA sections were useful as well.
The worst aspect of the course included lots of busy work, not enough feedback on assignments
and lots of superfluous homework. Suggestions for improving the class would be to reduce the
work load, focus more on pronunciation, along with more in-class speaking and listening
activities. Future students should know the class is a fun way to learn German, but there is a lot
of studying and homework which makes a heavy workload.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.178.01
Portuguese Elements II
Joyce Anitagrace
Overall quality of this course: 4.29
The best aspects of this course included a great introduction to an important language and the
class was taught in a way that made it easier for either the native English or Spanish speaker to
learn this language. The worst aspect of this course included not having enough speaking or
conversation time and it's difficult to get used to the writing. Suggestions for improving the
course would be to have more discussion and readings along with more conversation or
speaking opportunities. Future students should know you have to stay on top of your material,
study before test and ask if you ever get lost.
AS.210.202.01
Intermediate French II
Rebecca Powers
Overall quality of this course: 4.11
The best aspects of the course were the very well structured class and students learned from
different mediums which was helpful. The worst aspects of the course were that the chapters
were non-connected. There were tests or evaluations every week and students felt that missing
even a little part would put them behind and it was hard to catch up. Some students viewed the
online exercises as tedious and unhelpful. Suggestions for improving the class were the readings
should enhance each other so that students could use the grammatical structure learned in
previous chapters as well as the current chapter, and more grammar and discussions in class.
Future students should know there are a lot of assessments, and they need to work efficiently
and diligently to not get behind in their studies.
AS.210.202.02
Intermediate French II
Jena Whitaker
Overall quality of this course: 4.82
The best aspects of the course were the instructor, who was very engaging, fantastic and
provided the ability to learn French in many forms. The media aspects were amazing and very
informative. The worst aspects of the course stated by a few students were there was nothing
to change, while others said too many assignments were due around the same time.
Suggestions for improving the class include reducing the number of tests and introduce key
concepts like the passive voice and participles, which occurred in the coursework but were
never formally covered in class. Also, more focus on grammar while reading the literature.
Future students should know that the course is enjoyable, there is lots of work, though not an
unreasonable amount, and attendance is really the key.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.202.03
Intermediate French II
Ioana Cooper
Overall quality of this course: 4.89
The best aspects of the course included an amazing instructor and the class was very interactive
allowing students to participate a lot. The worst aspects of the course were the great variance
in workload where some weeks there was a lot of work and other weeks there was barely any,
along with not always able to understand the teacher. Suggestions for improving the class
would be to have a consistent work load and the teacher speak slower. Future students should
know the class is taught entirely in French; there is a lot of busy work, but if they keep up with
the class assignments then they will do well.
AS.210.202.04
Intermediate French II
Suzanne Roos
Overall quality of this course: 3.91
The best aspects of this course included a very friendly and helpful professor, Madame Ross,
who did a great job in accommodating students and making them feel at ease to speak up in
class. The worst aspects of the course were grammar was barely reviewed, grammatical issues
were not explained well, and some students were not always able to understand the professor.
Suggestions for improving this course would be to focus more on grammatical rules, along with
practicing diction and phonetics. Future students should know is there is a lot of homework
nightly, and the course could be great if you get a TA who is interactive.
AS.210.204.01
High Intermediate French II
April Wuensch
Overall quality of this course: 4.35
The best aspects of this course included Dr. Wuensch, with her enthusiastic approach and she
chooses great content for the course in terms of multimedia. The group activities were great as
well, along with the grammar lessons, which were strong and their constant reinforcement was
very helpful. The worst aspects of this course include being bombarded with too much work,
then not receiving our graded assignments back in a timely fashion for our review before exams
or quizzes. Suggestions for improving the class include more in-class speaking assignments,
more French cultural learning and returning the assignments faster. Future students should
know the grading is fair and consistent and the course offers good basic grammar review for
interesting conversations.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.204.02
High Intermediate French II
April Wuensch
Overall quality of this course: 4.42
The best aspect of this course was having an incredible, enthusiastic and personable instructor.
The class was small and offered variety of activities with lots of interesting class discussions. The
worst aspects of this course included were not handing back of assignments quickly enough, and
workload was inconsistent with way too much sometimes and nothing at other times.
Suggestions for improving the class included deeper review of the grammar/vocabulary and
returning graded assignments quicker. Future students need to know they should be prepared
to work and their oral French is likely to improve if they speak up in class and join discussions,
since there is no penalty if you mispronounce a word or forget how to say something in French.
They are corrected and then the lesson moves on. This is a fairly straightforward course.
AS.210.207.01
German Pronunciation & Diction Practice
Doreen Densky
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.211.02
Intermediate Spanish I
Gabrielle Ponce
Overall quality of the class: 3.14
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the amount of material covered and the students'
development of their Spanish writing, listening, and speaking skills. Some students felt that
there was not sufficient feedback on assignments. Suggestions for improvement included giving
students more opportunities to practice speaking in Spanish and providing students with more
feedback on written assignments. Future students should know that this course is significantly
more challenging than Spanish Elements and students should be prepared to spend a lot of time
outside of class studying and teaching themselves the material.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.211.03-04
Intermediate Spanish I
Barry Weingarten
Overall quality of the class: 3.39
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the opportunity to practice speaking in a small class.
Suggestions for improvement included giving students more encouragement and explaining
concepts instead of reprimanding mistakes. Future students should know that participation is
essential to doing well in this class and that assignments are graded somewhat harshly.
AS.210.212.01-03
Intermediate Spanish II
Sergio Ruiz-Perez
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor who was helpful, available, and
enthusiastic. He provided good feedback and was very encouraging. Also the small class size was
conducive to class participation. The worst aspect of the course was MySpanishLab (MSL).
Students found that the questions were unfairly weighted. Other students felt that there was
limited time to complete in-class assignments. To improve the class, students suggested
improving or eliminating the MSL experience (i.e., grading done by a person instead of a
machine), and focusing the class more on conversation (i.e., speaking and listening exercises)
and less on grammar. Future students should know that this class requires continual work and
effort since it is a language class. Also the class is taught completely in Spanish and participation
is essential.
AS.210.212.04
Intermediate Spanish II
Naiara Martinez-Velez
Overall quality of the class: 3.60
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the instructor. She encouraged voluntary participation and
was concerned that students learn and understand the material, and not just memorize it. The
weekly structured grammar review was helpful and effective. The worst aspect of the course
was MySpanishLab (MSL). Students felt that it was not a fair and accurate assessment of their
Spanish knowledge. To improve the course, students suggested focusing more on conversation
and less on the technical grammatical aspect of the language. Also students suggested replacing
the movie with one that was more engaging. Future students should be prepared for each class
by doing their assigned readings and not waiting until the last minute to do the MSL or
assignments.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.212.05
Intermediate Spanish II
Javier Valiente-Nunez
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the emphasis on speaking Spanish in this classroom. Students
also said it was very organized and that the in-class discussions were helpful. The worst aspect
of the course was that the instructor was repetitive - each class had the same routine. Students
also said that there were a lot of online tedious assignments. To improve the class, students
suggested including different and exciting teaching strategies (i.e., games and interactive
exercises). Students also said there was a need for better feedback on the writing assignments
and a need for more explicit instructions on grammar and vocabulary assignments. Future
students should know that the same textbook is used for both semesters of Intermediate
Spanish, and that you do not need to buy a second online Blackboard membership.
AS.210.212.06
Intermediate Spanish II
Christopher Kozey
Overall quality of the class: 3.64
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the small size of the class ­ this encouraged participation
and allowed for numerous speaking opportunities. Students liked that the assignments were
consistent and that the expectations were clearly outlined. The worst aspect of this course was
MySpanishLab (MSL) ­ it is not an accurate representation of the student's knowledge and it has
technical problems. To improve the course, students suggested less rigidity in adhering to the
schedule. Instead the schedule should be flexible and responsive to student's needs. Future
students should know that this class is taught entirely in Spanish; therefore, it requires near
fluency in the language.
AS.210.252.01
Intermediate Italian II
Pervinca Rista
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the compassionate teacher's thorough presentation of
grammar material and the opportunity to have engaging discussions to practice speaking. Some
students felt that this class entailed too much research-based work for an intermediate course.
Suggestions for improvement included emphasizing vocabulary memorization and conducting
more discussions on relevant topics. Future students should know that this class has a heavy
workload and students should feel comfortable enough with their knowledge of the language to
participate in discussions.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.252.02
Intermediate Italian II
Richard Geekie
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the teacher's genuine commitment to helping students
understand the material and the fluid discussions that allowed students to practice speaking the
language in class. Some students felt that the units on subjects like politics and philosophy were
helpful to their study of the language itself. Suggestions for improvement included spreading
out the assignments across the semester and practicing more listening and writing in Italian.
Prospective students should know that this class has a fair amount of work but is not graded
harshly. It is very similar to Intermediate Italian I.
AS.210.252.03
Intermediate Italian II
Michele Zanobini
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the teacher's devotion to helping students learn and
providing them with helpful feedback. Students enjoyed the material, from the grammar lessons
to the cultural topics. Some students found the written assignments overwhelming and the
blackboard work tedious. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating more useful
grammar exercises. Future students should know that the workload for this class is fairly heavy
but the grading is fair.
AS.210.262.01
Intermediate German II
Nina Tolksdorf
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.262.02 ­ 04
Intermediate German II
Heidi Wheeler
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the passionate and helpful professor and the interesting
material. Some students felt they spent more time learning about the culture of Germany than
focusing on the language itself. Students also found it difficult to keep track of due dates and
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included emphasizing practicing speaking and the
language over culture lessons. Future students should know that coming in with knowledge of
grammar is important. This course's workload is fairly heavy but the material is enjoyable.
AS.210.278.01
Intermediate/Adv Portuguese
Mary Bensabat Ott
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the genuine, helpful professor and engaging class
discussions. Some students felt that a greater amount of time should be spent teaching updated
grammar material and that the professor's feedback could be harsh or unclear at times.
Suggestions for improvement included fewer oral presentations and instead more
conversational practice, as well as changing the format of grading papers to include more
feedback regarding consistent errors in papers. Future students should know that the workload
for this class is very heavy and students should be motivated.
AS.210.302.01
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Bruce Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interactive discussions and small class size that
allowed students to really practice their French. Some students felt the grading was
inconsistent. Suggestions for improvement included creating an organized rubric for grading
assignments and returning assignments more promptly. Future students should know that this
course is very similar to Advanced French I with a heavy emphasis on writing.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.302.02
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Elena Kazakova
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the significant improvement in writing, reading, and
speaking skills students saw in their work and the helpful, clear feedback they received from the
instructor. Some students felt the daily assignments grew tedious and that a stronger emphasis
could be placed on discussion to improve students' speaking skills. Suggestions for improvement
included incorporating more discussion and conversation into the class. Future students should
know that this course involves weekly writing assignments with an emphasis on grammar and
vocabulary rather than conversation.
AS.210.302.03
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Yasmine Atlas
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the comfortable class environment and organized
instructor. The worst aspects of this course included the heavy and tedious workload.
Suggestions for improvement included placing a stronger emphasis on speaking in class and
fewer or more varied writing assignments. Prospective students should be aware that this class
involves weekly writing assignments in addition to other homework assignments. The class
requires extra study time outside of class ; however the grading is fair.
AS.210.302.04
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Ana Delia Rogobete
Overall quality of the class: 4.23
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful, engaging teacher and effective presentation
of grammar lessons. Students felt the class lacked an emphasis on oral skills and that the
workload could be tedious. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating more speaking
into the course and placing less emphasis on grammar on exams. Future students should know
that keeping on top of your work is important, and though it can be repetitive it is a solid and
manageable course.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.302.05
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Christian Kittery
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting discussions that gave students the
opportunity to really practice conversing in French, and the approachable, engaging professor.
Some students felt the assignments were tedious and the readings could be more interesting.
Suggestions for improvement included varying the class routines to include more media like
movies. Prospective students should know that this class involves a lot of writing and speaking,
but the practice is valuable and the workload is manageable.
AS.210.302.06
Advanced Writing and Speaking in French II
Cecilia Benaglia
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small and interactive class. The worst aspects of this
course included the heavy weekly workload. Suggestions for improvement included providing
more interesting topics for writing assignments and prompts for in-class discussions. Prospective
students should know that this class has a heavy workload with a lot of writing.
AS.210.306.01
Medical French
Julie Roy
Overall quality of this course: 4.70
The best aspects of the course are that Instructor Julie Roy is great teacher, who is
understanding and fair, while the lectures are fun and interesting. The worst aspects were
students felt they didn't practice how to approach patient-provider conversations. Suggestions
for improving the course included more videos, group discussions and two article presentations
instead of one. Future students should know it's not the typical conversational French class, but
it is interesting and it should be taken if your pre-med.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.311.02
Advanced Spanish I
Naiara Martinez-Velez
Overall quality of this course: 4.14
The best aspects of the course include small class sizes; watching movies; constant group
discussions; the professor knows the ins and outs of the language and Professor Naiara was well
organized; awesome teaching technique and friendly. The worst aspects of the course include
homework and exams which are overly difficult; lots of reading; online work and outdated
textbooks. Suggestions for improving the class included more effective methods of teaching
grammar, more variety, and make the class more rigorous with more in-depth teaching. Future
students should know the class is taught completely in Spanish, so you need to participate in
class. The tests can be pretty rushed at times, so you may feel pressed for time in order to
complete them.
AS.210.311.03
Advanced Spanish I
Naiara Martinez-Velez
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
The best aspect of this course professor Naiara's teaching style, class participation, and the
small class size. The worst aspects of this course are the structure of the class is repetitive and
boring at times, text books are outdated, disorganized and the online assignments. Suggestions
for improving this course included more grammar practices before test or exams and more of a
variety in activities. Also, a better interface for the online assignments and small vocabulary
quizzes. Future students should know this is a great class if you're trying to improve your
Spanish skills, though it is a huge jump from intermediate to advanced, so keep up with the
readings and you should do well.
AS.210.311.04
Advanced Spanish I
Aranzazu Hubbard
Overall quality of this course: 4.00
The best aspects of the course were the discussions were actually about interesting topics as
well as the online homework, which reviewed each chapter and had activities for listening. The
worst aspect of the course was the grading system, which was viewed as unfair and ill-
conceived. Suggestions for improving the course include giving students more practice
exercises, better movies to watch and a change in the grading system. Future students should
know the course is heavily focused on proper grammar. It's very demanding, even tedious at
times and the grading it pretty strict.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.312.01
Advanced Spanish II
Paula Gefaell-borras
Overall quality of this course: 3.89
The best aspects of this course included Prof. Paula Gefaell-Borras, who was very good at
explaining grammar topics. The classroom environment was very relaxed and it was good to
listen to a native speaker. The worst aspects of this course were the repetitive nature of the
topics discussed and the essay topics. The tests were too long and viewed as arbitrary along
with not reflective of the homework. Suggestions for improving the course included longer
office hours, more time on tests and more practice sets or worksheets for grammar. Future
students should the course is very grammar driven, it's hard to get an A and always do the
readings.
AS.210.312.02
Advanced Spanish II
Aranzazu Hubbard
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
The best aspects of this course were the class was very discussion based; the professor was
fantastic and it caused several students to improve in their Spanish speaking skills. The worst
aspects of this course included the amount of online course work, material was sometimes
redundant and students didn't have a chance to really review their exams before returning
them. Suggestions for improving the course include restructuring the format of exams, changing
the grading scale, and more assignments graded from the class activities. Future students
should know the lecturas were very difficult, but the work load is manageable, and online
assignments need to be completed with care and a decent amount of time.
AS.210.312.03
Advanced Spanish II
Paula Gefaell-borras
Overall quality of this course: 4.30
The best aspect of this course included the professor who definitely improved the speaking,
listening, reading and writing skills of a few students. She is incredible and the class was very
interactive. The worst aspects of the course were there wasn't much time to review in class for
the exams though the structure was very repetitive, but the activities only scratched the surface
of reinforcing the lessons. Suggestions to improve this course would be to have readings that
were more interesting along with more readings in Spanish, and update the textbook. Future
students should know they should be prepared to participate in class, a proficient level of
Spanish is required, and the work load is light, but the material can be a little tricky at times.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.313.01
Medical Spanish
Paula Gefaell-Borras
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging professor, interactive class discussions and
useful, interesting material. The worst aspects of this course included the extremely long exams
and substantial amount of outside work. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating
more videos into the class and spending more time on each subject. Future students should
know that the content of this class is very useful. The class is focused on teaching vocabulary
rather than grammar, and there is a strong emphasis on oral communication.
AS.210.315.01
Spanish for International Relations
Maria Ramos
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interactive discussions and varied media and
exercises that kept the class interesting. The worst aspects included the heavy workload and
disorganization of the course. Suggestions for improvement included focusing more on grammar
and creating an accurate schedule of assignment due dates. Prospective students should know
that this class requires a significant amount of reading and writing. Students should have a very
high level of Spanish prior to enrollment.
AS.210.316.01
Conversational Spanish
Sergio Ruiz-Perez
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's engaging teaching methods and the
emphasis on speaking rather than reading, giving students the opportunity to really practice
conversing in Spanish. Students felt that the exams could be revised to include less grammar.
Suggestions for improvement included incorporating a variety of different assignments, such as
individual presentations, and changing the grading system, perhaps to weigh oral presentations
more heavily than tests. Future students should know that this class requires a lot of reading
and speaking in Spanish.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.317.01
Advanced Spanish Composition
Loreto Sanchez
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enjoyable class discussions and the enthusiastic
professor who provided students with helpful feedback. The majority of the Students were not
in favor of the novel assigned in this class. Suggestions for improvement included choosing a
different book and incorporating different assignments, such as more grammar exercises, into
the class. Future students should know that this course entails a lot of writing and students need
to have a high level of Spanish in order to succeed.
AS.210.352.01
Advanced Italian II
Francesco Caruso
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.352.02
Advanced Italian II
Teodoro Katinis
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.362.01
Advanced German II: Contemporary Issues in the German Speaking World
Christina Hinz
Overall quality of the class: 3.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging class discussions and the compassionate
professor who worked hard to give students feedback and one-on-one help. Students felt the
workload for this class was unreasonably heavy. Suggestions for improvement included
spending more time reviewing grammar in class. Future students should be aware that there is a
lot of challenging work and that you must put in a strong effort to succeed.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.362.02
Advanced German II: Contemporary Issues in the German Speaking World
Deborah Mifflin
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.392.01
Advanced Portuguese: Language and Literature
Mary Bensabat Ott
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.210.411.01
Translation for the Professions
Maria Ramos
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the informal, comfortable environment that fostered
engaging discussions and the diversity of the texts translated. Some students felt that class-time
was structured too loosely. Students wanted clearer objectives for class and more detailed
feedback on translations. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating more practice
translations in class and before exams, and providing more feedback. Prospective students
should know that this class is challenging but fair and rewarding if you do the work and put in a
strong effort.
AS.210.412.01
Spanish Language Practicum
Loreto Sanchez
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the rewarding and personalized internship experience
which allowed students to really use their knowledge of Spanish. Some students had difficulty
finding a place to volunteer. Suggestions for improvement included making meetings with the
professor easier, by making the professor's availability more clear or having weekly check-ins via
e-mail instead of in person. Future students should be self-motivated, organized, and
responsible if they want to succeed in this course as it is based on an independent internship.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.210.417.01
Eloquent French
Kristin Cook-Gailloud
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the helpful and enthusiastic professor, useful material,
and focus on improving writing skills. Some students felt the workload was extremely heavy and
that the class material was unorganized. Suggestions for improvement included assigning fewer
essays and exercises and organizing the materials better, by uploading them to Blackboard or
providing a course packet. Future students should know that this course involves a lot of
homework, but tests and grading are fair.
AS.211.221.01
Italian Matters Italian Manners
Pier Forni
Overall quality of the class: 4.36
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enthusiastic, knowledgeable professor and the
interesting reading and discussion materials. Students felt they did not receive enough feedback
on their work. Suggestions for improvement included making discussions more interactive with
more direction and providing more feedback on exams and writing submissions. Future students
should know that being engaged in class discussions is important to do well as there are few
graded assignments.
AS.211.346.01
20th
Century French Theater and Performance
Emine Fisek
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.211.380.01
Modern Latin American Culture
Amanda Smith
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the knowledgeable, helpful professor, engaging
discussions and interesting topics. The worst aspects of the course included the heavy amount
of reading and writing assigned. Suggestions for improvement included providing more
historical background for reading assignments. Future students should know that it is important
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
to be comfortable speaking in Spanish to do well in this class. The workload is not light but
ultimately the class is interesting and worthwhile if you are curious about the subject.
AS.211.394.01-02
Brazilian Culture and Civilization
Mary Bensabat Ott
Overall quality of the class: 3.63
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings and engaging presentation of
the material using various media outlets. The worst aspects of this course included the lack of
discussion and class participation during such a long class period. Suggestions for improvement
included providing more opportunities for class participation and for students to voice their
opinions and engage in discussion. Future students should know that this class has a moderate
workload and is very interesting and enjoyable.
AS.211.402.01
La France Contemporaine II
Antoine Roge
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting topics in French culture. Some students
felt the PowerPoint-aided lectures grew repetitive. Suggestions for improvement included
incorporating more interactive activities and discussions into the class. Future students should
know that this class has a fairly moderate workload but participating in class is important to
succeeding.
AS.211.402.02
La France Contemporaine II
Bruce Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the organized, enthusiastic professor that facilitated
interesting discussions. The majority of students identified no bad aspects of this course. Few
students felt the class needed to be changed or improved in any way. Future students should
know that you will learn a lot about French culture in this class. It is important to participate in
class and put effort into the essays.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.211.470.01
French Debate Series: Joan of Arc ­ Past & Present Interpretation
Claude Guillemard
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the knowledgeable, understanding professor and
engaging discussions that allowed students to practice conversational French. The worst aspects
of this course included the two and half hour meeting time. Suggestions for improvement
included breaking the long class into two or three shorter sessions per week and providing more
structure for class discussions. Future students should know that a high level of French is
important to succeed in this class, and there are a variety of texts as well as movies and a final
project assigned outside of class.
AS.212.317.01
Thousand Faces: Rousseau's Literary and Philosophical Writings
Antoine Roge
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the knowledgeable professor and the interesting in-
class discussions. Some students felt the syllabus made assignments and due dates unclear,
which caused confusion. Suggestions for improvement included making the material more
practical by discussing the implications of the philosophy in society today. Prospective students
should know that this class involves a lot of reading and extensive studying.
AS.212.321.01
Women in War. Heroines in Italian and French epic (16th-18th century) Between Fiction and
Reality
Valentina Denzel
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting subject matter and the engaging class
discussions, as well as the understanding and knowledgeable professor. Students found it
difficult to locate the readings and felt unsure of assignments and due dates as the class did not
follow the syllabus. Suggestions for improvement included adhering more closely to the syllabus
and posting all of the readings on blackboard or JHU e-reserves to make them easy to access.
Prospective students should know that the content of this course is very interesting. There is a
fairly heavy workload but the grading is fair and the professor is excellent.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.212.334.01
Introduction à la littérature française II
Elena Russo
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
The best aspects of this course included the enriching in-class discussions and the nightly journal
assignments, both of which helped students engage with and understand the readings. Students
found the weekly workload of difficult readings and writing assignments challenging at times.
Suggestions for improvement included providing students with journal questions further in
advance of the due date to allow them to work at their own pace and supplementing the more
challenging readings with background information or an outline of the text. Prospective
students should know that the workload for this class is fairly heavy, but manageable and
consistent. Students should have a very high level of French, particularly with reading.
AS.212.334.02
Introduction à la littérature française II
Andreea Marculescu
Overall quality of the class: 3.27
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the variety of interesting texts assigned. Some students
felt that the professor was disorganized, and that discussions and class meetings in general were
not conducted effectively. Suggestions for improvement included conducting more structured
discussions in class or having students discuss and work on activities in small groups. Prospective
students should know that the reading assignments for this course are vast, and often difficult.
AS.212.430.01
Senior Seminar
Wilda Anderson
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.212.430.02
Senior Seminar
Brian Reilly
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.212.443.01
Marcel Proust, Literature and Art
Michael Fried, Jacky Neefs
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
Students felt that the lectures for this course were extremely strong, and the material was very
interesting. Some students felt intimidated by the high level of depth and analysis in the course.
One suggestion for improvement was more class discussion. Though not a necessity, a
background in philosophical would be helpful, and a strong background in French is needed.
AS.213.317.01
Berlin at the Crossroads of the 20th
Century
Marc Caplan
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lectures and engaging readings
supplemented by other media. Some students felt that the workload was difficult to keep up
with and that sometimes the readings were not helpful or covered well in class. Suggestions for
improvement included removing some books from the syllabus to allow the class to spend more
time on each one. Prospective students should know that the reading load for this class is heavy
and it is important to stay on top of it.
AS.213.321.01
Bodies and Pleasures
Katrin Pahl
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging class discussions and the interesting,
enjoyable readings. Some students found the reading assignments occasionally long or difficult
to understand. Suggestions for improvement included breaking up into small discussion groups
more frequently and receiving more guidance and background information from the professor.
Prospective students should know that this class is largely discussion-based and the topics are
explicit. In order to be successful in this class, you must be comfortable with the material. The
reading is manageable and interesting, though some readings are more challenging than others.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.213.367.01
Contemporary German Film
Elisabeth Strowick
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.213.402.01
Reality Effects: 19th
Century German Prose
Andrea Krauss
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.214.353.01
Travel & Fantasy Worlds in Italian Literature
James Coleman
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
Students said that the best aspect of the course was the professor who was knowledgeable and
encouraging. The students also enjoyed the variety of media (i.e., readings, movies, etc) that
were used in class. The worst aspect of the course was that some students did not like the
reading selection ­ some felt that the readings should be more contemporary. Future students
should know that the reading load is heavy and an advanced level of Italian is expected.
AS.215.231.01
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Michael Strayer
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-class discussions and the interesting material.
The worst aspects of this course included the lengthy reading assignments. Suggestions for
improvement included lightening the reading load and spending more time in class analyzing the
texts in a meaningful way. Future students should know that this class requires a lot of reading
in Spanish, but the discussions are held in English.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.215.231.02
Introduction to Literature in Spanish
Julia Eichstedt
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging discussions and well-chosen variety of
interesting readings. Some students were frustrated by other students' lack of participation in
the seminar-style class meetings and many did not like the timeline projects. Suggestions for
improvement included facilitating or incentivizing discussion, or incorporating more lecture-
style classes instead of relying on discussions. Future students should have strong Spanish skills.
The class is challenging but manageable.
AS.215.336.01
Don Quijote
Harry Sieber
Overall quality of the class: 3.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the knowledgeable and engaging professor and the
material itself. Some students were frustrated by the lack of class discussion and interactive
participation. Suggestions for improvement included conducting the class entirely in Spanish and
incorporating discussions into class time. Future students should know that this class requires a
lot of reading. The reading and writing is done in Spanish but the class is conducted largely in
English and there are few discussion opportunities to practice speaking the language.
AS.215.338.01
Introduction to Argentine Literature
Nadia Altschul
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material and engaging readings
presented within their historical context. Some students were frustrated by the inconsistency of
the length of the readings. Others found the quizzes difficult. Suggestions for improvement
included incorporating more discussion and other interactive activities into the class. Future
students should know that the reading load for this class is significant. The readings are in
Spanish and the lectures are conducted in Spanish as well.
GERMAN AND ROMANCE LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE
AS.215.401.01
Senior Seminar Mexico D.F. Its Histories, Cultures, and Politics
Eduardo Gonzalez
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the enjoyable discussions and the professor's use of a
variety of resources to teach the material. The worst aspects of this course included the
occasionally tangential lectures and the lack of in-class discussion. Suggestions for improvement
included re-organizing the class to make lectures more focused and give students a better idea
of due dates and grading expectations. Future students should know that this is a fairly easy
class, with discussions held in Spanish.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
HISTORY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.100.104.01-10
Occ Civ: Modern Europe
Peter Jelavich
Overall quality of this class: 3.71
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interesting lectures, which covered a lot of material and
provided a good introduction to modern Europe. The section discussions were in-depth and
there were no exams. Students felt that there was too much reading, that it was hard to
participate in section and that the essays were graded too harshly and without sufficient
feedback. Students also felt that the lectures were repetitive and dull. Suggestions for
improvement included having a more reasonable amount of reading, adding text to Power
Points in lecture, and having a more transparent grading system. Prospective students should
know that there is a lot of reading, that the class is more of a writing class than a history class,
and that material overlaps with AP European History.
AS.100.136.01
Abraham Lincoln and His America
Michael Johnson
Overall quality of this class: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the instructor, who was very accessible and passionate about
the material and the interesting lectures. The small class size made it easy to have class
discussions. Students felt, however, that there was a lot of reading and that it was hard to pay
attention for such a long period of time. Suggestions for improvement included having shorter
readings, having more discussion, and splitting the class into two days per week. Prospective
students should know that it is an interesting class but that there is a lot of writing and reading
involved.
HISTORY
AS.100.167.01
Evangelicism and Fundamentalism in America
Gabriel Klehr
Overall quality of this class: 3.33
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.168.01
Freshman Seminar: US-USSR Cold War
Jeffrey Brooks
Overall quality of this class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included learning about Soviet culture and the readings that
allowed students to gain wide knowledge of the subject. The instructor is very knowledgeable
and wants his students to learn and understand the material. Students did feel that the grading
was somewhat arbitrary and that there was a lot of work. Some students felt that they did not
get enough feedback on their papers. Suggestions for improvement included having more
structure, a clear syllabus, and less reading. Prospective students should know that there is a lot
of reading and that the grading can be harsh, but the class is very rewarding.
AS.100.194.01
Undergrad Sem in History
Nathan Connolly
Overall quality of this class: 4.05
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the feeling of accomplishment students got after
writing their thesis and the freedom to choose their own topics. The instructor was very helpful
and intelligent. Students felt that they did not get enough guidance in the beginning of the year
and that it took a long time to get feedback in the second semester. The class was hard and time
consuming and there was not enough time in class. Suggestions for improvement included
having more feedback second semester, more research direction, more class time, and more
time working in groups. Prospective students should know that they need to start doing their
research early and that they should be sure that they want to be a history major before they
take this class, because it requires a lot of hard work.
HISTORY
AS.100.194.02
Undergrad Sem in History
Mary Ryan
Overall quality of this class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspect of this course included the experience of writing an original research paper
under the guidance of professional historians. The feedback and one on one meetings with the
instructors were very helpful. Some students said the worst aspect of the course was the
unnecessary first term curriculum along with the face that some students found the early papers
to be busy work. Other students said class time was not used efficiently. To improve the class,
students suggested having more meetings during the editing of the paper. Future students
should know that this course has a demanding workload and requires the student to often
working independently. It is however important to regularly consult with the professor and TA
on the progress of your paper.
AS.100.208.01-04
China: Neolithic to Song
Tobie Meyer-Fong
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were an enthusiastic and energetic instructor, enjoyable and
interesting lectures, and a comprehensive overview of early Chinese history that left very few
gaps. Some students felt that more time should have been spent reviewing how to write a
historical paper and preparing for the tests. Some students felt that the readings were too long
at times and weren't entirely relevant to lecture. Suggestions for improvement included more
variation in readings and more time distribution with relation to paper assignments and exams.
Prospective students should be interested in the subject, attend class, and take notes during the
lecture. Experience with writing a historical paper and basic understanding of Chinese culture
are very helpful.
AS.100.213.01
The Rise of Modern Japan
Julie Oakes
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were a knowledgeable and passionate instructor, interesting and
clear lectures, the multi-media presentations, and a fair workload. Some students felt that they
didn't receive enough new insight from lectures after already doing the readings. Suggestions
for improvement included discussing new issues concerning the readings during class, and
distributing paper assignments more evenly over the semester. Prospective students are told
that the class is a manageable and very interesting experience providing a comprehensive
review of Japanese history as well as developing students' writing skills.
HISTORY
AS.100.231.01
Christian-Muslim Relations in the Middle Age
Anthony Watson
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the lively in-class debates, the engaging instructor, and
the variety and quality of readings. Students felt like they learned a lot of interesting, specific
knowledge. Some students felt that the reading was a little too extensive. Suggestions for
improvement include shortening the readings and introducing discussion and debate earlier in
the course. Prospective students should be prepared to do a decent amount of reading and
keep up with it. They will not be formally tested, but given assignments like group presentations
and reading responses.
AS.100.317.01
Jewish Music
Joshua Walden
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the comprehensive survey of Jewish music, the small and
intimate class environment, and the enjoyment of listening to Jewish music and understanding
its impact on the musical world. Some students felt that the course meeting time was too long.
Suggestions for improvement included making the lectures shorter. Some students also felt that
there should be more prerequisites for the class including having experience in music.
Prospective students will benefit from having background in Jewish culture and music.
AS.100.328.01
Images and Realities: Native Americans in American History
Stephanie Gamble
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included interesting lectures, a unique topic, and the wide range
of literature read throughout the course. The instructor was very accessible and knowledgeable.
Some students felt that there was too much required reading to the point where all of the topics
couldn't be covered in class. Suggestions for improvement included having fewer readings and
making them more focused on key points. Prospective students should be prepared to do a lot
of reading; they are advised that the course is informative and intellectually stimulating.
HISTORY
AS.100.338.01
Contemporary African Political Economies in Historical Perspectives
Sara Berry
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the instructor's personal experience and passion about
her topic, the emphasis on discussion during class, and the interesting subject matter. Some
students felt that there was too much reading, and it was sometimes unmanageable. Some
students felt that not enough of the general history of the African countries discussed was
included. Suggestions for improvement included shortening the reading list so that students
could focus more in-depth on important topics and providing visual materials and historical
context for lectures. Prospective students should be prepared to do a lot of reading and be able
to discuss it in class.
AS.100.341.01
The Inquisition: Medieval & Modern
Richard Kagan
Overall quality of the class: 4.52
Summary:
Students felt that the instructor was passionate and knowledgeable, and the lectures were well-
designed to complement the readings. Some students felt that the readings were somewhat
dense at times and that the class size was too big. Suggestions for improvement included
introducing smaller group discussions and allowing more students to give input during lecture.
Prospective students are told that the class involves a lot of reading. The writing workload is not
too intense, and some background in occidental civilizations is helpful.
AS.100.348.01
20th
-Century China
William Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting readings, and a very intelligent and
amusing instructor. Almost all students mentioned how engaging the course was. Some
students felt that the instructor spoke too quickly; the class size was perhaps too large and there
was a very heavy workload. Suggestions for improvement included offering Power Points to
clarify main points and spell out confusing terms and names. Students would also have
preferred to have the writing assignments split up more. Prospective students should be aware
that there are only three opportunities for grading, but that it is possible to do well if they put in
the necessary effort.
HISTORY
AS.100.356.01
The Buddhist Experience
Jay Valentine
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the passionate instructor, the fair grading system, the
unique course material, and the discussions in class. Some students felt that there was far too
much assigned reading, and that some of it became a little tedious. Some students also felt that
the class was disorganized. Suggestions for improvement included cutting down the amount of
essays and reading assignments, including other forms of media to demonstrate ideas, and
better organization. Prospective students should be aware that it is sometimes difficult to keep
up with the reading. Students will improve their writing and don't need to have prior knowledge
about the material.
AS.100.357.01
Panic and Liberation: The Politics of Sex in 20th
Century Europe
Todd Shepard
Overall quality of the class: 3.90
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the engaging discussions during class conducted by the
instructor and the interesting readings. Some students felt that it was challenging to pick out the
key points of each lecture. Suggestions for improvement centered on improving the emphasis
on important ideas. Prospective students should be prepared to do a considerable amount of
reading and writing. Background in history is helpful, particularly 20th
century European history.
AS.100.374.01
The Railroad in American Life
David Schley
Overall quality of the class: 3.73
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the instructor's passion and lighthearted style of
teaching, the endearing subject matter, and the focus on independent research. Some students
felt that the readings were sometimes dry and long, and because of this, discussion suffered.
Suggestions for improvement included choosing shorter readings, or selecting excerpts to
assign. Prospective students should be prepared to engage in class discussions; there will be a
lot of reading and independent research involved.
HISTORY
AS.100.386.01
Medieval Cities
Christopher Gardner
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included informative and interesting lectures, the small size of
the class, and the instructor's engaging teaching style. Some students felt that there was too
much emphasis on basic history and that the reading wasn't always well-distributed in terms of
workload. Suggestions for improvement included narrowing down the readings and clarifying
the grading system for papers. Prospective students should be prepared to do a lot of reading
and participate in class discussion.
AS.100.400.01
American Social Thought since 1865
Angus Burgin
Overall quality of the class: 4.76
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included lectures that were insightful, interesting, and often very
enjoyable; the interaction between students and instructor during discussions; the union of the
lectures with the readings; and the instructor's ability to convey knowledge in an interesting
way. Some students felt that the class was too large and that some of the readings were dense
and difficult to understand. Suggestions for improvement included making the class smaller and
creating a discussion section. Prospective students should be prepared to do a lot of reading.
Participation is graded but difficult because of the size of the class. Background knowledge in
American social philosophy is helpful.
AS.100.406.01
American Business in the Age of the Modern Corporation
Louis Galambos
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspects of the course include an effective and interesting instructor, a unique course
topic, and very engaging discussions. Some students felt that the class size was slightly too large
and that the workload was too intense. Suggestions for improvement included making the class
smaller. Prospective students should be ready to do a lot of reading and writing. The grading
system is fair and your effort is reflected in your grade.
HISTORY
AS.100.408.01
Theorizing the Age of "Enormity": Social Theory and the History of the 20th
Century
Kenneth Moss, Todd Shepard
Overall quality of the class: 4.71
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.100.422.01
Society & Social Change in 18th
Century China
William Rowe
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the small size of the class which encouraged discussion,
a knowledgeable and passionate instructor who was very accessible outside of class, and the
wide variety of topics presented in readings. Some students felt that some of the readings were
dense and hard to finish. Suggestions for improvement include breaking the class into more
class periods for shorter amounts of time and assigning more concise readings or excerpts from
them. Prospective students should be aware that the highest percentage of their grade is for
participation and should prepare for class accordingly. It is an enjoyable class, especially if one
has an interest in Chinese history.
AS.100.426.01
Popular Culture in Early Modern Europe
John Marshall
Overall quality of the class: 4.61
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting subject matter and lectures; the seminar
format of the class; the instructor's knowledge, ideas, and teaching style; and the discussion
during class. Some students felt that there were too many students in the class and some felt
that lecture didn't add much additional knowledge to the readings. Some students felt that the
amount of reading was unmanageable. Suggestions for improvement included making the class
a little smaller, better distribution of the reading assignments over time, and including more
original information in lectures not offered in the readings. Prospective students should be
ready to keep up with the readings and participate in class; the readings are usually very
interesting.
HISTORY
AS.100.438.01
Modern Mexico and the Mexican Revolution
Franklin Knight
Overall quality of the class: 3.81
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included interesting lectures, helpful assignments, and the
instructor's humor and passion for the subject. Some students felt that the instructor's grading
system was unclear and that the lectures sometimes became tangential. The class was large and
sometimes lecture was hard to follow. Suggestions for improvement include assigning more
relevant books, more organization, connecting lecture to present day issues, and using more
visual tools to help illustrate the main points of lecture. Prospective students should be
prepared to keep up with the readings and take good notes during lectures. It is a good non-
Western history course option and the instructor is well liked by the students.
AS.100.458.01
Visions of Africa
Adam Ewing
Overall quality of the class: 4.46
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the discussions during class, the well-chosen readings,
and the organization of the course. The instructor's feedback on papers was very helpful. Some
people felt that the class period was too long. Suggestions for improvement included a slightly
more structured lecture, to include portions of the class for discussion and lecture. Prospective
students should be prepared to organize their schedule for weeks in the course with a heavier
workload and to discuss what they've read in class.
AS.100.498.01
Hist-Family & Gender-Us
Toby Ditz
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the passionate and interesting instructor, well-chosen
readings, individual feedback on papers, and the discussions during class. Some students felt
that the readings were occasionally redundant and sometimes overwhelmingly long.
Suggestions for improvement included eliminating a few of the readings, and making them
available online. Prospective students should be prepared to do a lot of reading, but will
thoroughly enjoy the instructor's teaching style and the material.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
HISTORY OF ART
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course.
Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.010.102.02, 04
Intro: Hist Euro Art II
Kathryn Tuma
Overall quality of this course: 4.0
The best aspects of the course included the interesting lectures and the instructor's enthusiasm and
knowledge of the material. The course had well-organized lectures that gave a broad overview of
different time periods, instead of focusing on a specific movement, giving students a well-rounded
knowledge of art history. The worst aspects of the course included the fast pace and the instructor's
inability to present material effectively. Students struggled with the extensive memorization required
for tests. Suggestions for improving the course include having more time for review before exams, and
covering less works more in depth during lecture. Future students should be prepared to memorize
large amounts of material for tests.
AS.010.146.01
East Asian Art
Hilary Snow
Overall quality of this course: 4.48
The best aspects of the course included the professor's enthusiasm and energy. Students found lectures
easy to follow, well-organized and engaging. The worst aspects of the course included superfluous
reading materials. Suggestions for improving the course include integrating the readings more into
lecture and focusing more on Korea and other East Asian countries. Future students should be aware
that there are many writing assignments required for this course, but no background knowledge of East
Asian art is required.
HISTORY OF ART
AS.010.241.01
Exhibiting the Global
Tobias Wofford
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.010.251.01
Medieval Spaces: Site, Image, and Viewer in the Middle
Christopher Lakey
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's educational and engaging lectures and his
genuine interest in his students' success, as well as the interesting material and museum trips. The worst
aspect of this course was the long reading assignments. Suggestions for improvement focused on test
preparation, including posting slides earlier, holding review sessions, and including more explanations or
discussions of the reading material in class. Future students should know that no background in art
history is needed to do well in this survey course, and are advised to start research early for
assignments.
AS.010.331.01
Art, Knowledge and Power in Global Perspective, 1500-1700
Hannah Friedman
Overall quality of the class: 3.86
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material and the large number of topics covered.
The worst aspects of this course included the length of the reading assignments and generally heavy
workload. Suggestions for improvement included cutting down the reading assignments and changing
the format of the class to spread out the graded assignments over the semester or add more
assignments. Prospective students should be aware that this class is not writing intensive but requires a
significant amount of reading and writing.
HISTORY OF ART
AS.010.334.01
Prob In Ancient Amer Art
Lisa Deleonardis
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging, passionate professor, the interesting material, and
the trips to museums. The worst aspect of this course was the imbalance of quizzes and papers,
particularly between the first and second halves of the semester. Suggestions for improvement included
making the lecture slides more readable. Future students should know that this is an enjoyable,
interesting class with a manageable amount of work.
AS.010.353.01
Key Moments in East Asian Politics & Visual Culture
Rebecca Brown
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.010.395.01
Cezanne and Interpretation
Kathryn Tuma
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.010.407.01
Ancient Americas Metallurgy
Lisa Deleonardis
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the hands-on labs, effective and organized lectures, and
educational museum visits. The worst aspects of this course were the sometimes challenging exams and
occasionally unclear grading system ­ but most students wrote that there were no bad aspects of this
course. Suggestions for improvement included adding more questions to each exam. Future students
should know that students need not have art history or archaeology backgrounds to do well in this class,
but studying and doing the readings is paramount. The class provides students a rare opportunity for
hands-on learning about an interesting, unique topic.
HISTORY OF ART
AS.010.415.01-03
Modernism and Postmodernism in Architecture
Martin Perschler
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Students felt the subject matter of this course was very interesting, and that the professor's passion for
the subject and his entertaining, engaging lectures made it all the more enjoyable. The worst aspects of
this course were its 7 PM time slot and the time at which homework was due, as well as the slight
disconnect between the readings/homework assignments and the material taught in class. Suggestions
for improvement included clearer explanations of expectations for homework assignments and field
trips. Future students should be aware that the homework is often time consuming and a big part of the
final grade.
AS.010.423.01
Roman Sculpture
Pier Luigi Tucci
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this class were its interesting subject matter, the professor's knowledge and
engaging lectures, and the field trips to museums. The worst aspects of this class were the vast amount
of information presented in class without much class discussion or interaction. Prospective students
should be aware that though there is little work outside of class, there are two midterm exams, a paper,
and two quizzes. More so than completing the assigned readings, going to class is imperative to learn
the information.
AS.010.431.01
History of Art: Histories, Methods, Theories
Felipe Pereda
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
HISTORY OF ART
AS.010.461.01
Courbet and Manet
Michael Fried
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's knowledge and passion, as well as his effective
teaching style. The worst aspects of this course were the lack of feedback and discussion, and that each
student's grade was based entirely on the final paper. Suggestions for improvement included more class
interaction and exams/quizzes in addition to the paper. Future students should be aware that the class
is taught as a lecture with only one graded assignment, but that the subject matter is very interesting
and the professor is wonderful.
AS.010.469.01
Return of the Sixties
James Meyer
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.140.106.01-04
History of Modern Medicine
Daniel Todes
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lectures, the helpful lecture outlines provided in
class, and the engaging discussions held in section. The worst aspects of this course included prohibition
of laptops, as the lectures moved quickly presenting a lot of information, making note-taking
challenging. Suggestions for improvement included stating more clearly the content that will be tested
on exams, and revising the format of lectures to include notes on the board or a power point, as well as
allowing students to bring laptops to lecture. Prospective students should know that this is a detailed
survey course with a fair amount of reading and essay writing, and lectures can be difficult to follow for
the aforementioned reasons.
AS.140.302.01-02
Rise of Modern Science
Sharon Kingsland
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interesting material, enjoyable section discussions, and
reasonable workload. The worst aspects of this class included the seemingly arbitrary grading system,
and irregularly spaced paper due dates. Because of the lack of exams some students felt lecture was
unhelpful. Suggestions for improvement included varying the length of the four essay assignments or
incorporate other assignments and examinations into the course, and give students more direction and
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
opportunities for involvement, particularly in the form of discussion. Prospective students should know
that this course has a very manageable workload, but there are four papers assigned during the
semester and participation is important.
AS.140.354.01
Science, Technology and Society in Modern East Asia
Dong-won Kim, Yixian Li
Overall quality of the class: 3.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the knowledgeable professor and engaging lectures with
interesting examples. The worst aspects of this course included unclear expectations for assignments
and a heavy workload toward the end of the semester. Suggestions for improvement included making
the class and discussions more interactive and clearer criteria for assignments. Prospective students
should know that this course is very interesting with a fair amount of reading and loosely structured
assignments.
AS.140.359.01
Museums and Globalization
Robert Kargon
Overall quality of the class: 3.7
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the engaging class discussions and enjoyable lectures. The worst
aspects of this class included the lack of graded work and the limited feedback on the few assignments
that were graded. Suggestions for improvement included having only one professor teach the course
instead of two. Prospective students should know that you must do the assigned readings to participate
in the discussions, and no background knowledge is necessary.
AS.140.372.01
Science on Display
Stuart Leslie
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the extremely engaging lectures, interesting material, and
enthusiastic, dynamic professor. The worst aspects included the occasionally long and dry readings,
though most students identified no bad aspects of the course. Suggestions for improvement included
assigning more engaging readings and incorporating more videos or a field trip into the class.
Prospective students should know that doing the readings for this class is important as there are weekly
quizzes, but the workload is manageable and the material is very fun and interesting.
HISTORY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
AS.140.390.01
Science and Technology in Latin America
Maria Portuondo
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures and discussions, interesting material, and
enjoyable final project. The worst aspect of the course was the sometimes long and overwhelming
reading assignments. Suggestions for improvement included providing more structure for discussions
and lightening the reading load. Prospective students should know that this course is very reading
intensive, but interesting and taught by a passionate professor.
AS.140.425.01
Individualized Medicine from Antiquity to the Genome Age
Nathaniel Comfort, Gianna Pomata
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the wide scope of the material and engaging discussions. The class
dynamic was unique because it was taught by two professors and the graduate and undergraduate
students in the course had such varied backgrounds. The worst aspects of this course were the lengthy
reading assignments and the occasionally tangential discussions. Suggestions for improvement included
splitting the class into two sessions to better balance lecture and discussion. Future students should
know that it is important to carefully complete all reading assignments for this class.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
HUMANITIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.300.312.01
Imagining Revolution and Utopia
Anne Eakin Moss
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.300.324.01
Cinema of the 1930s: Communist and Capitalist Fantasies
Anne Eakin Moss
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material, interactive lectures and engaging
discussions. The worst aspects of this course included the occasionally difficult readings. Suggestions for
improvement included adding more background information about the historical time period or film
techniques. Future students should know that this class is very enjoyable but you must really enjoy
watching films.
AS.300.334.01.
Comic Evolution: Stages in Comedy
Richard Macksey
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the teaching style of the wonderful and passionate professor. Most
students felt there was no worst aspect of the course; however, some students said the class lacked
direction at times. Suggestions for improvement included creating more goals for the class, but many
HUMANITIES
only suggested that the class be held every day of the week. Students felt that all prospective students
should consider taking any class offered by this professor.
AS.300.356.01
From Literature to Film ­ the case of Israeli Cinema
Neta Stahl
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting films and the connections made between film and
literature. The worst aspects of this class were the time and length of the class meetings as well as
students' occasional difficulty understanding the professor. Suggestions for improvement included
giving the class a more rigid structure and incorporating more background information. Prospective
students should know that this class is interesting and not very difficult. No background in Hebrew or
film is required, but knowledge of Israel or Hebrew would be helpful.
AS.300.384.01
Modern Korean Literature and Film
Sharlyn Rhee
Overall quality of the class: 4.58
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging and knowledgeable professor, interesting films, and
effective, fun uses of class time. The worst aspects of this course were the unclear grading system and
small number of assignments. Suggestions for improvement included substantiating discussions with
focus questions and providing a review for the midterm exam. Future students should know that this is a
very fun course with a great professor, but there is a fair amount of work. Completing assignments and
participating in discussions are both important. No prior knowledge of Korean culture is needed to
enroll.
AS.300.388.01
Introduction to the Philosophy of Time
Nils Schott
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting and thought-provoking material as well as the
knowledgeable professor who was able to make a complex philosophical subject understandable. The
worst aspects of this course were the density of the concepts and readings and the difference in amount
of information and background knowledge from between student presentations. Suggestions for
improvement included providing more guidelines for student presentations and incorporating visual
learning or written assignments into the curriculum to help teach the dense material. Future students
should know that doing the reading assignments is important. Although the readings and the subject in
general can be very confusing and abstract, asking questions to work through the material will help you
succeed.
HUMANITIES
AS.300.390.01
Obama and Philosophy
Hent de Vries
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the engaging discussions and the knowledgeable professor's use of
many different types of sources to uniquely supplement the material. The worst aspects of the course
related to disorganization. Some readings were significantly longer than others, and the dense
philosophical ideas presented were not elaborated on or explained in full, which caused confusion.
Suggestions for improvement included making the class more focused and organized, making
assignments more consistent, and providing more philosophical background, at the beginning of the
course or throughout the semester. Future students should know that there is a sizeable amount of
reading assigned for this course. Also, the only graded assignments are a midterm and final paper.
AS.300.392.01
Forms of Moral Community: The Contemporary World Novel
Yi-Ping Ong
Overall quality of the course: 5.00
Summary:
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.300.398.01
Zionism, Post-Zionism and Modern Hebrew Literature
Neta Stahl
Overall quality of the course: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the passionate and knowledgeable professor along with the
interesting and engaging class discussions. The worst aspects of this course were the long readings and
occasional lulls in discussion due to lack of participation from all students. Suggestions for improvement
included revising the grading system to include more graded assignments instead of just two essays.
Future students should know that doing the readings and participating in discussions is important to
succeed in this course. The class is very intellectually stimulating and consists of a well-rounded
curriculum but some background information about Israel or Zionism could help future students.
HUMANITIES
AS.300.408.01
Lyric Modernity
Sharlyn Rhee
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the challenging, thought-provoking material and engaging
discussions that covered a wide range of topics. The worst aspects of this course included the long
readings. Suggestions for improvement included increasing the number of students in the course to
increase student participation. Future students should know that there is a lot of reading associated
with this class, and the class is discussion-driven, so it is imperative to come to class prepared.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.650.412.01
Java Security
Ebrima Ceesay
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the complete and detailed study of java security; the assignments
were also intellectually challenging. Students cited the poor quality of the video conferencing as a major
weakness of the course; this also led to difficulty with contacting the professor and getting assistance.
Students strongly suggested that the course be offered in-person next time. Prospective students should
have a strong background in java.
EN.650.424.01
Network Security
Amitabh Mishra
Overall quality of the class: 3.77
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.650.471.01
Cryptography & Coding
Donniell Fishkind
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
Students found that the material in this course was very interesting and that the professor had excellent
availability and concern for students' success. Some students experienced difficulty with the proof-
writing aspects of the course. Suggestions for improvement included studying more practical
applications of the theory, and spending some time earlier in the course covering set theory and proof-
INFORMATION SECURITY INSTITUTE
writing basics. Prospective students should be comfortable writing proofs and working with
mathematical theory.
EN.650.633.01
Computer Security Architectures
Gerald Masson
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.650.652.01
Healthcare Security Management
Darren Lacey
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The professor for this course was very knowledgeable and interesting; students felt that the course gave
a complete overview of healthcare security. The weakest aspects of the course were the lack of
feedback and guidelines, and the tedious nature of some of the material. A suggestion for improvement
was more class interaction. Prospective students are told that class is fun and they should always attend.
EN.650.655.01
Implementing Effective Information Security Projects
Michael Kociemba
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the useful insight into project design, and the detailed and timely
feedback given by the professor. Students weren't able to name a weakness of the course or a
suggestion or improvement. Prospective students should be prepared to do research independently for
assignments.
EN.650.657.01
Advanced Computer Forensics
Eoghan Casey, Michael Lavine
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
INTERDEPARTMENTAL
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.360.222.01
Performing Masculinities: Masculine Identities, Sexualities, & Embodiment 19th
& 20th
Centuries
Lauren Pepitone
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging, educational class discussions supplemented by
the compelling reading assignments and the professor's knowledge of and passion for the material. The
worst aspects of this course included the inconsistency of the length of the reading assignments.
Suggestions for improvement included providing more historical or philosophical background, lightening
the reading load, and holding the class three times a week instead of twice. Prospective students should
be aware that this engaging class involves a manageable workload overall, with a significant amount of
reading. As participation is a large part of the final grade, completing the readings is necessary to do
well.
AS.360.243.01
The Poetics of Politics and Sex
Caroline Block
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
INTERDEPARTMENTAL
AS.360.417.01
Internship/Practicum: Working for Justice in Contemporary Urban Space
Morgan Philbin, William Tiefenwerth
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the seminar-style setup of the course that fostered great
discussions and the invaluable internship experience. Some students felt the discussions were often off-
topic and that the long reading assignments were difficult to manage. Suggestions for improvement
included giving the class more variety in the form of guest speakers, activities, and different weekly
assignments aside from reading responses. Future students should know that this is a challenging course
with a fair amount of reading and writing, but is very rewarding and engaging.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.361.124.01
Latin American Film: Mini-Course
Michael Strayer
Overall quality of the class: 4.09
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting films from many genres and engaging
discussions. Students felt they were exposed to movies they would never have otherwise watched. The
worst aspects of this course were the lack of helpful feedback on assignments and the amount of work
for the class's short length. Suggestions for improvement included providing clearer expectations and
structures for assignments and shortening the length of the weekly papers. Prospective students should
be aware that this course has a heavy workload in relation to its short length, but as it is pass/fail and
fairly straightforward, it is an enjoyable and interesting class for people with or without background in
the subject.
AS.361.131.01
Intro to Latin American Studies II
Sara Castro-Klaren, Emma Cervone
Overall quality of the class: 3.68
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the extremely knowledgeable professor, effective lectures, and
interesting material. The worst aspects of this course were the disorganized, occasionally tangential
lectures. As the class covered a lot of material it seemed to lack focus. Suggestions for improvement
included meeting twice a week instead of once a week for a very long period of time, and focusing the
curriculum on the most important topics. Future students should know that it is important to do the
assigned readings, but the workload is otherwise fairly light and the subject is interesting and unique.
LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES
AS.361.240.01
Aftermaths of Conflict: Violence, Memories, and Justice in Latin America
Emma Cervone, Susana Wappenstein
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the knowledgeable, insightful professor, thoughtful discussions and
interesting material. The worst aspects of this class included the large workload and lack of feedback
and instruction on assignments. Many students felt the professor was too critical and sometimes
demeaning. Suggestions for improvement included providing more historical background, lightening the
workload, and giving the class and assignments more structure. Future students should know that this
class involves a lot of reading and writing without much feedback despite its 200-level and non-writing
intensive listing. It is a challenging and interesting course.
AS.361.332.01
Third Wave Democracy in Latin America, 1980-2012
Emma Cervone, Steve Ellner
Overall quality of the course: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the passionate and knowledgeable professor and the
interesting material. The worst aspects of this course included the inconsistent reading assignments,
some of which were overly long. Suggestions for improvement included presenting expectations more
clearly and evening out the reading load. Future students should know that the readings are often dense
but important for understanding the time period. The class was interesting but the visiting professor's
background made it particularly unique.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.510.103.01
Foundations of Nanotechnology
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were that the students felt the class size is small, making great for
discussions and provided a broad nature of the material. The broad approach caused students to not
only learn some of the science behind nanotechnology, but many of its applications and implications.
Students felt the weakest aspects of the course were the class is a little disorganized and they were
constantly behind the syllabus; and the science presentations were cool but very hit or miss. Also, the
students' perspective is that the quizzes could become more substantial and less confusing. Suggestions
for improvements include more organization and a more realistic schedule for the material; more
readings, bigger quizzes, more time dedication to international nanotechnology efforts. Future students
should know this course is a great intro class to take for students of any major. Students also believe
the class is great to take for those with little to no previous knowledge of nanotechnology. The
Professor is fun and knowledgeable and very approachable, very relaxed learning environment.
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
EN.510.107.01-02
Modern Alchemy
James Spicer
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were that Professor Spicer is clearly passionate about the subject and the
lectures were great. He makes the classroom environment enjoyable, the lectures are discussion based,
and the topics are interesting. Students also enjoyed the choice of picking their own topics for papers;
learning interesting subjects/topics in both traditional alchemy and modern science The worst aspects of
the course for many students are being called on randomly and the forced participation; some of the
assignments were vague. Suggestions for improvements would be to have the syllabus a little more
organized with deadlines noted along with clarity on paper assignments. However, majority of students
felt the class did not need any improvements. Future students should know that the class is great and it
should be taken; the work load is light and read all the material.
EN.510.201.01
Intro to Eng. Materials
James Spicer
Overall quality of the class: 4.28
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the Professor, who is very enthusiastic about the material and
translated material in the book to easily-comprehended lectures. The lectures were very interactive;
and the material was simplified that the students could easily retain important concepts. The worst
aspects of the course were Professor Spicer grades were "curved" down because the majority of the
class does well, there is a large amount of material covered and exams are sometimes unclear.
Suggestions for improvements is that the TA should be more involved and more examples of real-life
applications. Future students should know the grading is "curved down", but going to class will help a
lot and do the homework.
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
EN.510.202.01
Computation and Programming for Materials Scientists and Engineers
Michael Falk
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the materials which were so much fun and the Professor was an
excellent lecturer. The TA was awesome and the nicest, most helpful person ever. The worst aspects of
the course were that the projects are sometimes very difficult with a lack of textbook use and a bit too
background heavy. Suggestions for improvements were to provide more basic exercises with work out
solutions before delving into harder problems and more help initially with the projects. Future students
may do better if they have prior programming knowledge and a sound mathematical background. The
projects are difficult and very time consuming.
EN.510.313.01
Mech Property-Materials
Jonah Erlebacher
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were a great professor who provides lots of real-world examples of
materials science. Professor Erlebacher was engaging and clearly very enthusiastic about the material
covered in this class. The worst aspects of the course were the course notes could be a little bit difficult
to follow in retrospect, the textbook was not useful, and the material is pretty tough. Suggestions for
improvements include clear notes or a textbook student's can reference for further explanation of some
concepts which would be helpful. Future students should know this course teacher is engaging, the
grading system is fair, and good note taking is vital, otherwise you may be doomed.
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
EN.510.314.01
Electron Prop-Material
Theodore Poehler
Overall quality of the class: 3.55
The best aspects of this course were all notes are provided in packets and the professor is great. He is
smart, understanding and nice. The worst aspects of this course are that it's slow paced, especially at 9
AM. Also, students never met the TA that graded the homework and there were some concepts that are
not covered in handout. Suggestions for improvements include more personal feedback and going over
questions from homework would be helpful. Future students should know the first half of the class
should be relatively easy if you know your quantum physics. Although all notes are given and exams are
open-note, the material is still quite challenging, and homework assignments take a while to complete,
so don't put them off until the last minute.
EN.510.315.01
Physical Chem of Mat II
Robert Cammarata
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
The best aspects of this course include Professor Cammarata, who was excellent and engaging, as well
as very effective at conveying the material in a clear way. The lectures are very well done, covering a lot
of information clearly, and the information presented is relevant and useful in the field of Materials
Science/ Engineering. The worst aspects of this course were the textbook was not followed very closely,
homework was a bit tough, and the supplementary textbook was useless because of the enormous
amount of typos. Suggestions for improvements include better communication of the goals of the class,
a better textbook, and have the TA grade homework thoroughly. Future students should know Dr.
Cammarata is a great and awesome professor, stay on top of your notes and go to class. Homework
may look intimidating, but they are not too difficult.
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
EN.510.407.01
Biomaterials II
Kalina Hristova, Michael Yu
Overall quality of the class: 3.57
Summary:
Students felt that the materials covered in this course were useful and interesting. They also liked having
a lot of guest speakers. Some complaints about the course were that the professors were disorganized,
and that the final exam tested on material from fellow students' presentations. In general, having
multiple professors and guest lecturers created disarray. Some suggestions for improving the course
included offering review materials for the exams, having the course be taught by only one professor,
and putting more thought into the order of the lectures. Prospective students are told that the course
has a lack of continuity, but is fair and not overly challenging.
EN.510.422.01
Micro/Nano Structured Mats/Devices
En Ma
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the fair grading, reasonable workload, and interesting choice of
topics. Students disliked the fact that almost a month was devoted to student presentations, and felt
that the course would have been more appropriate at the 100- or 200-level. Suggestions for
improvement included more rigorous coursework. Prospective students should be aware that they must
do a 15-minute presentation in the course, and that they should not expect to feel that they have gained
expertise in the material at the course's conclusion.
EN.510.429.01
Materials Science Lab II
Orla Wilson
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
The best aspects of the course included labs that were interesting and insightful. The class taught
students a lot about scientific writing and hands-on application of concepts learned in other classes. The
worst aspects of the course were that the labs were long and lots of writing for lab reports. Also, the
grading was considered tough and done on an arbitrary scale by TA's. Suggestions for improving the
course included giving more directions in the pre-lab lectures and more transparent grading.
Future students should take notes on everything they do in lab and get started on lab reports as soon as
you finish the lab, so you have it fresh in your head. Writing reports is more difficult than those for
Materials Science Lab 1, but it is considered a good class with some cool experiments.
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
EN.510.430.01
Biomaterials Lab
Hai-Quan Mao
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
Students enjoyed the hands-on nature of the course and thought that the labs perfectly illustrated
course material. The weaker aspects of the course were the lack of preparation for the labs and the
sometimes unclear criteria for assignments. Suggestions for improvement included offering more
detailed feedback and more transparency in the grading system. Prospective students should know that
there is a writing assignment due every week.
EN.510.434.01
Design Rsch Material Sci
Patricia Mcguiggan, Orla Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
Students appreciated the experience that this course gave them in the full research process, from
proposal writing to presentation of results. They felt satisfied that they produced their own original
research in the course. Some students felt that the guest lecturers were not particularly helpful, as were
the assignments that coincided with these lectures. Suggestions for improvement included more
carefully choosing the guest speakers, and spending less time on ethics. Prospective students are
expected to devote a lot of time to this course; therefore, it would be most beneficial to choose a lab
that he or she really enjoy working in.
EN.510.443.01
Chemistry and Physics of Polymers
Howard Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
EN.510.603.01
Phase Transformations
Jonah Erlebacher
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the preparatory lecture notes, the take-home exams, and the
in-depth presentation of a variety of topics. Some students felt that the professor could have provided
more answers and advice on the take-home exams. Suggestions for improvement included providing
more example problems and allowing students to collaborate on homework assignments. Future
students should have a background in thermodynamics. This class is challenging and there is no assigned
textbook, so paying close attention and putting a lot of effort into the problem sets is important.
EN.510.604.01
Mech Props of Materials
Timothy Weihs
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the professor's effective and organized lectures. Some students felt
that some of the class notes were unclear and that occasionally the homework was difficult to complete
without the help of an assigned textbook. Suggestions for improvement included posting the lecture
notes online as well as providing other supplementary material, such as a textbook or example
problems. Future students should have a background in crystallography and mechanics of materials. It is
recommended that students buy the suggested books to help them complete assignments and to
supplement class notes.
EN.510.607.01
Biomaterials II
Kalina Hristova, Michael Yu
Overall quality of the class: 3.69
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging lectures from various professors in the field and
the helpful homework assignments. Some students felt that the guest lectures made the class
disorganized, taking emphasis off of important subjects and making it hard to predict what material
would appear on exams. Suggestions for improvement included supplementing the lectures, and
revising the schedule, number of presentations, and homework assignments. Future students should
know that this course moves quickly and it is important to pay attention, but it is a relatively easy course
if you have taken Biomaterials I.
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
EN.510.615.01
Physical Prop-Material
Patricia Mcguiggan
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the extensive range of material covered. Some students wanted
to learn more details about topics that were only briefly introduced, and felt that the class was hard to
follow because of the broad range of subjects. Suggestions for improvement included removing some of
the topics to learn more about others and changing the structure of the projects. Future students should
know that this class provides a valuable overview of materials science and that the textbook is useful.
EN.510.624.01
X-Ray Scattering, Diffraction and Imaging
Todd Hufnagel
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.510.633.01
Computational Materials Design
Timothy Mueller
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
MATHEMATICS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.110.106.01-03
Calculus I
Jose Gomez
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
The best aspects of this course include the helpful lectures taught by a professor who teaches with
enthusiasm and cares for the students. Many students felt that the lectures were easy to understand
and interesting. Some students felt that homework was lengthy, and that more time should be allocated
for some of the topics covered. More review time and feedback could improve the class. Prospective
students should know that the lectures are very useful and they are encouraged to attend. Although the
class is somewhat difficult, it provides a solid understanding of fundamental calculus.
AS.110.107.01-07
Calculus II (For Biological and Social Science)
Maxim Arap
Overall quality of the class: 4.10
The best features of this course include a helpful professor who makes the concepts understandable.
The lectures are useful, and since it follows the textbook students can go over the difficult concepts
through the textbook. Some students felt that the final exam was too difficult, and that the curve was
too harsh. Less amount of homework, and more help during office hours may improve the quality of the
class. Students entering this class should know that the class demands a lot of attention and a significant
amount of time must be allocated for finishing the homework; however, if enough time is allocated to
completing homework and attending lectures, it is possible to do very well in the course.
MATHEMATICS
AS.110.109.01-04
Calculus II (For Physical Sciences and Engineering)
Richard Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
The best aspect of this course was the professor, who provided comprehensive, engaging, and inspiring
lectures. Some students felt that the homework and material could be at times excessively challenging.
Having the midterms more evenly spaced out could improve the quality of this course. Prospective
students should know that the course demands a lot of attention. It is recommended that students
spend extra time studying, skim the textbook before class, and brush up on their Calculus I.
AS.110.201.01-09
Linear Algebra
Nitya Kitchloo
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
The best aspects of this class include a good textbook that followed the materials presented in lecture,
and a knowledgeable professor. Some students felt that the course was too focused on the theoretical
aspects of linear algebra and too little on the applications. Students also felt that there was a lack of
feedback and help from professors when students were confused. The course could be improved by
more example problems and more graded homework. Prospective students should know that this class
has a heavy workload, and students must make sure to keep up as materials are taught at a quick pace.
AS.110.202.01-08
Calculus III
Nicholas Marshburn
Overall quality of the class: 4.12
The best features of this course include the lectures held by a professor who was passionate, explained
concepts clearly, and was helpful. The course also offers materials that are challenging but rewarding.
Some students felt that the pace of the class was too fast, and that some of the exams were overly
difficult. Students also felt that the textbook used in class was not very helpful. Thus, replacing the
textbook could improve the quality of the class. Prospective students should know that this class is
challenging, and that a strong background in the prerequisite courses including Calculus II is important
to do well in this class. They will be helped by an ability to visualize things in three dimensions.
AS.110.211.01
Honors Multivariable Calculus
Richard Brown
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
MATHEMATICS
AS.110.212.01
Honors Linear Algebra
Lu Wang
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.110.302.01-07
Diff Equations/Applic
Mihai Tohaneanu
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
The best aspects of this course included the effective professor, the clearly-taught lectures, and the
organized curriculum. Some students felt that the homework was at times too lengthy and repetitive.
Others also felt that the exams were more difficult than the same material covered in class or on the
homework. More complete example problems during lectures could help improve the class. Students
taking this course should know that the homework and understanding the material of this course
demand a large time commitment, and that the class moves at a quick pace. Previous knowledge of
linear algebra may also help students to understand the material better.
AS.110.304.01
Elementary Number Theory
John Lind
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
One of the best features of this course was the professor, who is enthusiastic about the subject and
explains concepts clearly. The course materials are also interesting. Some students felt that the
homework in this class was very difficult compared to the same topics presented in class. Students also
felt that the homework was returned back too late, limiting the amount of feedback received
throughout the course. Providing homework solutions could improve the quality of the class. Students
enrolling in this class should know that the course is challenging, but the materials covered are
interesting and fun.
MATHEMATICS
AS.110.311.01
Complex Analysis
Jose Gomez
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
The best aspects of this course include the lectures that were taught passionately and clearly. Some
students felt that because the professor was replaced halfway through the course, the material was
covered too quickly. Incorporating more example problems and applications in class instead of
discussing mostly theory could improve the quality of the class. Prospective students should be aware
that a firm knowledge of the prerequisites will help to better understand the material. In addition, the
course material is stimulating, and it is not too challenging from a mathematical perspective.
AS.110.328.01
Non-Euclidean Geometry
Oliver Gjoneski
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
The best aspects of this course include the informative and interesting topics that were taught clearly
and concisely. Students felt that the problem sets required a lot of time, however they were still worth
the time and enjoyable. Including lecture slides could improve the class. Students enrolling in this course
should know that the materials are interesting and the course offers good practice with writing proofs.
AS.110.401.01
Advanced Algebra I
Steven Zucker
Overall quality of the class: 3.55
The best aspect of this course was the intellectually challenging material. The professor is also
knowledgeable and approachable; however, some students felt that the lectures were not taught clearly.
Others also felt that the workload was very heavy. Decreasing the amount of homework assigned could
improve this class. Students enrolling this course should know that the class is challenging, and a lot of
time commitment is needed for finishing the homework and understanding the material.
MATHEMATICS
AS.110.402.01
Advanced Algebra II
Jian Kong
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
The best feature of the course was the intellectually stimulating material ­ it was a good introduction to
abstract thinking and proofs. The lectures were also clear and well-structured. The worst aspects of this
course include some of the materials that are especially difficult to understand. Incorporating different
reading materials may improve the class. Prospective students should know that although this course is
challenging, the course covers rewarding and interesting topics. The class is also similar to Advanced
Algebra I, and a firm knowledge of that course will be useful when taking this class.
AS.110.405.01
Analysis I
Jian Ge
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
The best aspect of this course was the interesting and challenging materials that offer good practice
with proofs. The lectures are also effective and clear. Some students felt that they did not have enough
time to study for the final exam since it was administered on the last day of classes instead of after
reading period. Suggestions for improvement include posting the lecture notes and homework solutions
online. Prospective students should know that the class is challenging, and that the class is mostly based
on proofs. Basic exposure to ­ or interest in ­ proofs will be helpful when taking the course.
AS.110.413.01
Intro to Topology
W. Stephen Wilson
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.110.416.01
Honors Analysis II
Bernard Shiffman
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
The best aspects of this course include the engaging material introduced as well as the clear and
instructive textbook. Some students felt that the lectures were hard to follow, and at times learning
from the textbook was easier. Other students felt that the structure of take-home exams made the
assignments overly difficult, and did not allow students to develop a working knowledge of analysis.
Improving the quality of the lecture could improve this class. Prospective students should know that this
class is very demanding and difficult.
MATHEMATICS
AS.110.421.01
Dynamical Systems
Richard Brown, Yuan Yuan
Overall quality of the class: 3.78
Summary:
Students praised the course's high degree of mathematical rigor. Concerns about the course included
the lack of examples and lack of outside material available for reference. One suggestion for
improvement was to spend more time organizing the course beforehand. Prospective students should
be aware that background in real analysis is assumed, and that the course will be very difficult for non-
mathematics majors.
AS. 110.607.01
Complex Variables
Jian Ge
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.110.616.01
Algebraic Topology
Jack Morava
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
The best aspect of this course was the professor, who provided engaging lectures, good feedback, and
PDF notes after class. Some students felt that the course should have more structure. More homework
to help students better understand and outline the material could improve the quality of this class.
Prospective students should know that the lectures will be easier to follow with some background in
topology. However, the professor makes lectures clear and helpful.
AS.110.631.01
Partial Differential Equations
Hans Lindblad
Overall quality of the class: 3.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.530.102.01
Freshman Experiences in Mechanical Engineering
Stephen Belkoff
Overall quality of the class: 3.16
Summary:
The best aspects of this course provide a strong foundation for what students will be learning in
future mechanical engineering courses. Compared with last semester, the lectures were much
more interesting, and used a lot of examples from history and modern engineering to illustrate
principles. The worst aspects of this course were it doesn't cover all that much material and the
time could be better spent learning more applicable skills. Professor is smart, but seems to have
a hard time communicating with students. Suggestions for improvements were this class can be
improved by covering cool applications in mechanical engineering and more Matlab work would
be helpful. Prospective students should know this was kind of a strange class, but very
interesting at times. Make sure you keep up with MATLAB code, and you should be fine. While
the class is boring, it is still a good idea to show up, because every once in a while the professor
takes attendance. Also, if you are wondering if mechanical engineering is what you want to do,
this course will help you make that decision.
EN.530.104.01
Introduction to Mechanics II
John Thomas
Overall quality of the class: 4.85
The best aspects of this course were Professor Thomas, who makes this class enjoyable and fun
to learn. It is one of the only classes some students look forward to in their schedule. His
lectures were informing and engaging. Also the academic rigor of this course was appreciated.
The majority of students agree there is nothing wrong with the class, though a few noted the
worst aspects of this were nothing online, so it was difficult to find past homework or review
questions. Also, it would be nice to have some more examples during class as a suggestion for
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
improvements. Prospective students should know this is an interesting course, and it covers
many physics subjects that you build upon during the first semester. This is a course that helps
you understand and enjoy physics. Also, Professor Thomas was considered by a few of the
students as a great professor ever.
EN.530.106.01 - 04
Mechanical Engineering Freshman Lab II
Stephen Belkoff
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
The best aspects of this course included many of the labs which were very interesting and the
projects. There's no homework, and all of the labs were done during the lab time. This is a good
hands-on lab that helps you play with physics concepts covered in class. The engine lab at the
end of the year was very engaging. The worst aspects of this course were some of the labs were
too long for everyone. Some were fairly boring, and the experiments sometimes seem pointless.
Suggestions for improvements included the professor posting the homework online so that the
students have a week to complete it and incorporating the hands-on aspects of this course with
the computer programming skills that were acquired during the lecture. Also, having more
engine labs and focus less on bikes. Prospective students should know there are some fun labs
so just power through the boring ones and read over posted lectures. This course will teach you
some about physics and give you some hands on experience with disassembling, reassembling,
and reverse engineering. Knowing some basic mechanics will help with this class.
EN.530.202.01
Dynamics
Narutoshi Nakata
Overall quality of this course: 3.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course were the structure of the lecture and exams, and the fair grading.
Also, the homework assignments, while time-consuming, made students read the book and
learn the material at an appropriate pace. Some students felt that the class was taught directly
out of the textbook. Suggestions for improvement are more example problems in the
homework and in class, as well as more interactive lectures and not just straight from the
textbook. Prospective students should be interested in the field of mechanical engineering and
physics. Also, future students should make sure they do the homework and do the assigned
practice problems given with the homework.
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.215.01
Mechanics-Based Design
Thao Nguyen
Overall quality of this course: 3.69
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting materials, the helpful problem solving
sessions, and the fair grading. Some students felt that the homework load was too heavy, and
the assignments and tests were very time consuming. Suggestions for improvement are more
in-class examples, and more opportunities to receive grades. Prospective students should be
interested in the field of mechanical engineering and design. Future students should be
prepared to keep up with the workload and form study groups.
EN.530.216.01-05
Mechanics Based Design Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of this course: 3.90
The best aspects of this course were the design project which was interesting and allowed
students to work hands on and design from scratch. Also, the labs were short, but well
structured. The labs were excellent in showing how mechanics works in real life. The worst
aspects of this course included the design project, which was a good idea, but only given a few
weeks to complete it and it wasn't worth enough of the final grade to motivate spending a lot of
time on it. Some of the lab setups can only be used by one group at a time, so some labs run
longer than expected. Suggestions for improvements would be more examples in class as well
as extend the amount of time given to the final project, and the importance of the final project
in the final grade. Future students should try and not to schedule a class immediately afterward
if it can be helped since these labs often take longer than an hour and a half. There are only 5
labs during the year so it not a huge time commitment. Also, it is definitely a challenging course.
EN.530.241.01 - 03
Electronics & Instrumentation
Noah Cowan
Overall quality of this course: 3.95, 4.29, 3.59
The best aspects of the course included that Professor Cowan was a great professor and willing
to work with students. Professor Cowan being really knowledgeable and personable; the labs
were very helpful and textbook was useful. Labs were good, but a lot of work to complete, while
the lectures were interesting. The worst aspects of the course included the volume of work
which was enormous, class poorly structured (not covering topics that were present in the
homework) and the subject matter was not interesting. Professor Cowan seemed to be all over
the place somewhat with no prior planning or notes. Suggestions for improving the course
include more TA assistance; Professor Cowan should have some notes and stop drifting off and
getting sidetracked as well as more time for the final projects or simply easier projects. Future
students should know the class is good, but lots of work. Students will be putting in 6 ­ 7 hours a
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
week per class, though it's a great introduction to practical electronics. The TA's were awesome
and the Professor was very approachable.
EN.530.328.01
Fluid Mechanics II
Charles Meneveau
Overall quality of this course: 4.32
The best aspects of this course included the computer projects and the lectures were very
thorough and interesting. The worst aspects of this course were the workload for this course
was overwhelming, such as a computer projects assigned at the same time as weekly problem
sets, or a problem set due right before an exam. Suggestions for improving the course included
less weight on the design project and computer projects with more weight on homework; no
more overwhelming us with homework/projects the week of the exam. Future students should
know be prepared to work but it's extremely interesting, and the course is math and fluids
intensive.
EN.530.334.01
Heat Transfer
Andrea Prosperetti
Overall quality of this course: 3.58
The best aspects of this course were Adam, the TA, who was very understanding and amazing.
He was the best TA and the professor is very intelligent. The homework assignments were seen
as appropriate for testing the student's knowledge of the course. The worst aspect of this
course was Professor Prosperetti who knows the material, but was not viewed as a very good
lecturer. Professor does a great job explaining theories but not connecting the practice; way too
much material expected to learn. Suggestions for improving the course included getting a new
professor and more applicable lecture materials, along with more examples in class. Future
students should know the class is really hard, so prepare to study a lot; the professor is difficult
and one should read ahead. Take advantage of office hours.
EN.530.335.01-02
Heat Transfer Laboratory
Steven Marra
Overall quality of this course: 3.58
The best aspect of this course is the labs are very well organized and done in groups; and the
professor is very honest in saying if he doesn't know why something is the way it is then he
returns next week with the answer. The worst aspect of this course are that the labs were not
useful, consumed time and too long. Suggestions for improving this course include streamlining
the labs and making the labs more interactive and interesting; finally get our graded papers back
timely. Future students should know that lab reports are intense and require time to complete;
be concise when writing lab reports.
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.343.01
Design and Analysis of Dynamical Systems
Steven Marra
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the lectures and the in-class discussions, as well as labs
which were a really good way to apply the concepts learned in class. The weakest aspect of the
course was the homework, which was very time consuming. Suggested course improvements
included a better textbook and more thorough lab handouts to improve student's ability to
understand the calculations that went along with lab assignments. Prospective students should
have a good understanding of differential equations, especially in conjunction with Heat
Transfer. Also, the homework sets are important for learning and understanding the material.
In order to be successful in this class, prospective students must start the assignments in
advance. Waiting until the last minute is not recommended or encouraged.
EN.530.404.01
Engineering Design Project II
Nathaniel Leon, Nathan Scott
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
The best aspects of this course included the hands-on experience along with real-world
challenges. The worst aspects of the course were disagreements between the professors, which
frustrated and confused the students. Also, some students felt Dr. Scott takes too much of a
hands-on approach, depriving students of the chance to put their engineering knowledge to use.
Suggested course improvements included more accountability for individual members of each
team and introducing students earlier to the design process, as well as improving the machine
shop currently available. Prospective students should know this class takes a lot of time and
effort, so use your time wisely.
EN.530.410.01
Biomechanics of the Cell
Alexander Spector, Sean Sun
Overall quality of this course: 3.52
The best aspects of the course included covering multiple topics in cell biomechanics and the
first half of the semester. The worst aspects of the course were the lack of feedback and the
second half of the course, which was not very interesting. Suggested course improvements
included more feedback and example problems, along with a good textbook that thoroughly
explains the subject. Prospective students should know there are only 6 data points from which
the grade is calculated: 4 homework assignments and 2 midterms. A good understanding of
statistics and mechanics is recommended to understand the material in this class.
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.418.01
Aerospace Structures & Materials
Thomas Dragone
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the interesting and practical information presented using
real-world examples. Some students felt the homework assignments were challenging as the
lectures did not always directly relate to the homework. Some disliked that the class only met in
person once a week. Suggestions for improvement included holding class in-person more
frequently rather than conducting web lectures. Future students should know that this class
involves many lengthy, challenging homework assignments, but the material is interesting and
the professor is very knowledgeable.
EN.530.421.01-03
Mechatronics
Gregory Chirikjian
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the opportunity to work on a hands-on design project in a
team. The worst aspects of this course included the slow and insufficient feedback on
assignments, the limited number of lectures spent with the professor, and the lack of resources
provided to students. Suggestions for improvement included giving students more feedback and
giving them access to proper materials for their projects. Prospective students should know that
this class is very time consuming and coursework is tedious; therefore, they should start their
final projects early. It is very helpful to have a background in electrical engineering or choose
team members who have a strong background in electrical engineering.
EN.530.426.01
Biofluid Mechanics
Rajat Mittal
Overall quality of the class: 4.59
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material presented in organized lectures
and the relevant, helpful homework assignments. Some students were lost at times because
they were expected to have background in topics unfamiliar to them. Others complained that
the class ran out of time during the semester to cover every subject they would have liked to
learn about. Suggestions for improvement included making the class more interactive through
the use of lab demonstrations or discussions, and providing students with background
information. Future students should know that this class is challenging and paying close
attention to the lectures is vital. Students would benefit from taking fluid mechanics before
enrolling in this course.
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.432.01
Jet and Rocket Propulsion
Joseph Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.11
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the knowledgeable professor's intriguing and
interesting lectures on a broad range of material with real-world examples. Some students felt
so much material was covered that the curriculum should be cut down or the class should be
broken into two parts. The frequently rescheduled class meetings added stress to the class.
Suggestions for improvement included providing students with a clear outline of deadlines and
more feedback on homework assignments, as well as, requiring certain prerequisite classes.
Future students should know that this class is very challenging and covers a lot of material. The
workload is heavy but the material is very interesting.
EN.530.464.01
Energy Systems Analysis
Dennice Gayme
Overall quality of the class: 3.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the final research projects, which allowed students to
explore contemporary topics, and the guest speakers. The worst aspect of this course was the
lectures. Students felt that the professor did not explain topics clearly or fully, and that too
much theory was presented (as opposed to applications). Suggestions for improvement included
spending more time on basic electrical engineering concepts, and redesigning the lectures to be
more qualitative than quantitative in nature. Prospective students are told that a background in
circuits is helpful for this course, and that there will be 4 homework assignments during the
semester.
EN.530.606.01
Mechanics of Solids and Materials II
Jaafar El-Awady
Overall quality of the class: 3.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.612.01
Computational Solid Mechanics
Thao Nguyen
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
EN.530.622.01
Fluid Dynamics II
Joseph Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.648.01
Group Theory in Engineering Design
Gregory Chirikjian
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.649.01
Adaptive Systems and System Identification
Noah Cowan
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.530.762.01
Advanced Math Methods for Engineers
Andrea Prosperetti
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the useful topics and the high level of intellectual
challenge. The weakest aspect of the course was the large number of topics covered during the
semester and even during each lecture. Suggestions for improvement were to explore fewer
topics with greater depth, and to include some qualitative responses in the assignments.
Prospective students are told that they should be comfortable with basic partial differential
equations before enrolling. It was also suggested that Applied Math for Engineers with Professor
Hilpert is beneficial to have taken before this course.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
MILITARY SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.374.102.01-02
Introduction to Leadership II
Jeremy Bushyager, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspect of the class is the practical knowledge that is gained from the well-rounded, engaging,
and interesting instructor. The worst aspect is that the class can become boring, especially during the
final month of class when student's present their 10 minute Power Point presentations. Other students
said the class can become repetitive and that feedback on grades is lacking. To improve the course,
students suggested have more diverse and hands-on activities in lab, more structure and feedback on
assignments, and either eliminating or reducing the life goals briefing. Future students should be
prepared to write long essays and know that some students said that this was an easy class.
AS.374.120.01
Basic Leadership Laboratory
Jeremy Bushyager, Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
Summary:
The best aspects of the class include the practical and useful leadership and management lessons that
are learned. The course is more active and challenging that the first semester. The worst aspect of the
course is that it can sometimes be disorganized, boring, and monotonous. To improve the course,
students suggested giving MSI's more leadership opportunities. Other students suggested more
interesting material and more classroom organization. Future students should know that this course is
only open to cadets and should be prepared to write essays.
MILITARY SCIENCE
AS.374.202.01-02
Leadership & Teamwork
Shane Seay
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of the class include a course that was well-organized and labs that were carefully and
thoughtfully planned. This allowed execution to run smoothly. The instructors were engaging and taught
leadership material that was useful in everyday life. The worst aspects of the course were the quizzes
and the fact that the course was time consuming and occasionally physically demanding. To improve the
course, students suggested either having no quizzes or being more specific about what material will be
covered during the quizzes. Future students should know that this class requires at least a 3-hour time
commitment and that is only a midterm and final but many pop quizzes.
AS.374.220.01
Advanced Team Leadership
Shane Seay
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.302.01-02
Leadership and Tactics
Rolando Rodriguez
Overall quality of the class: 4.0
Summary:
The best aspects of the class include the hands on nature and practical application of the projects. The
instructor provided helpful examples of his experiences as an LDAC TAC. The worst aspect of the class
was that too much time was spent listening to groups present their IPRs. To improve the course
students suggested absolving any miscommunication issues and more thoroughly covering the patrolling
topic. Future students should be committed to the class. Also there are no tests ­ grading is based on
class project, STX lanes, and other performance related tasks.
AS.374.307.01
Leadership in Military History
Jeffrey Wood
Overall quality of the class: 5.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
MILITARY SCIENCE
AS.374.320.01
Advanced Tactical Leadership
Rolando Rodriguez
Overall quality of the class: 3.9
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.402.01
Adaptive Leadership/Professionalism
Paul Carroll
Overall quality of the class: 4.5
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.374.420.01
Advanced Organizational Planning
Paul Carroll
Overall quality of the class: 4.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
MUSEUMS AND SOCIETY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.389.103.01
Freshman Seminar: Museum Matters
Catherine Arthur, Elizabeth Rodini
Overall quality of this class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the weekly museum visits, getting to see the city of
Baltimore, and the in-depth feedback from the instructor. Students felt that the commute to the
museums took too long and discussions in the vans were not productive. Some students felt
that there was a lot of busy work. Suggestions for improvement included making the visits more
consistent and finding time to participate in meaningful discussions. Prospective students
should know that there is a lot of work, and the class is a great way to visit museums and get to
know Baltimore.
AS.389.202.01
Introduction to the Museum: Issues and Ideas
Jennifer Kingsley
Overall quality of this class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the engaging class discussions, the lectures, and the
group activities. Students felt that the blog was not helpful or related to class discussions, and
that there was a lot of writing and reading. Suggestions for improvement included having a
lighter workload and more focused essay prompts. Prospective students should know that there
is a lot of work but the class is very interesting.
MUSEUMS AND SOCIETY
AS.389.205.01
Examining Archaeological Objects
Sanchita Balachandran
Overall quality of this class: 4.71
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included working hands-on with the objects and the field trips. The
instructor was passionate about the subject material. Students felt that the readings were dense
and did not like the weekly quizzes. Suggestions for improvement included having two
midterms, less dense readings, and less objects per topic. Prospective student should know that
it is a very interesting and unique class that is balanced between readings, lectures, and field
trips.
AS.389.350.01
Staging Suburbia with the Jewish Museum of Maryland
Deborah Weiner
Overall quality of this class: 4.13
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the hands-on experience, the visits to museums, and
learning about museum research. Students felt that there was not enough direction on
assignments and that the instructors' expectations and grading system were unclear.
Suggestions for improvement included making the material more engaging, spending more time
at the museum, and giving students more historical knowledge. Prospective student should
know that the class is two hours and twenty minutes long, so it can get boring. Also there was a
lot of outside work and that the grading was fair but sometimes harsh.
AS.389.359.01
Literary Archive
Gabrielle Dean
Overall quality of this class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included working with rare books and manuscripts and creating
the final project. The instructor was very engaging, approachable, and helpful. Students felt that
the assignments were repetitive and did not like that the final project involved group work and
was comprised of a lot of different pieces. Suggestions for improvement included distributing
the work more evenly throughout the semester, making the directions more clear, and
simplifying the final project. Prospective students should know that there is a lot of work, but
the class is very interesting and hands-on.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
MUSIC DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.376.111.01
Rudiments ­ Music Theory
Faye Chiao
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.376.111.02
Rudiments ­ Music Theory
Travis Hardaway
Overall quality of the class: 4.19
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the kind and enthusiastic professor, and the experience with
writing one's own compositions. Students were frustrated with the difficulty of ear training and with the
disorganization of the course. Suggestions for improvement included more emphasis on ear training and
more one-on-one time with the instructor working to improve compositions. Prospective students
should know that they are graded mostly on improvement.
AS.376.111.03
Rudiments ­ Music Theory
Richard Fitzgerald
Overall quality of the class: 4.20
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
MUSIC
AS.376.211.01
Theory & Musicianship I
Faye Chiao
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.376.211.02
Theory & Musicianship I
Stephen Stone
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
Students found the professor to be knowledgeable and insightful, and thought that homework
assignments were of a reasonable length and were effective at reinforcing the material. Students had
difficulty thinking of any weaknesses of the course, or suggestions for improvement. Prospective
students should know that it is helpful to have background in music theory; however, it is possible to do
well without such a background ­ it would just require a little more effort.
AS.376.211.03
Theory & Musicianship I
John Crouch
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
Many students liked the textbook for this course. Students also commented that the instructor was
enthusiastic, fun, and gave good feedback. The weakest aspects of the course were that it was
sometimes repetitive and students felt there was too much busywork. Suggestions for improvement
included spending more time on ear training. Prospective students should know that the class does not
have a heavy workload and there aren't any surprises.
AS.376.212.01
Theory/Musicianship II
John Crouch
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
MUSIC
AS.376.215.01
Music Theory III ­ Twentieth Century Music
Travis Hardaway
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
Summary:
Students felt that this course offered a thorough and interesting investigation of the topic, and that the
professor was enthusiastic and knowledgeable. The main complaint about the course was that it
sometimes seemed disorganized and unfocused. Students would appreciate a more systematic
approach to studying the different musical time periods. Prospective students should know that this
course has an excellent professor and the grading system is especially nice for students who are not
good test takers.
AS.376.231.01-03
Western Classical Music
Richard Giarusso
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
Summary:
Students appreciated the organized fashion in which the course discussed various important composers,
and truly enjoyed the listening exercises during class. The weakest aspects of the course were the
difficulty of the listening quizzes, and the sometimes-ambiguous grading of the writing assignment.
Prospective students should know that every unit has music listening quizzes; therefore, it is
recommended that they have some technical music background in order to have an advantage in this
course.
AS.376.258.01
Jazz Improvisation
Alexander Norris
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
Students had a lot of fun during class, and appreciated taking a music class that was less theoretical than
others. Most students felt that through the large amount of instrument playing, their skills greatly
improved. Some students complained that the professor was so innately talented that he had difficulty
giving students specific instructions on how to perform certain techniques. They were also frustrated
that he missed so many classes. Suggestions for improvement included teaching more specific jazz
patterns, and having a placement exam or dividing the class into two different levels. Prospective
students should know that despite what the course description says, proficiency at an instrument and
background in music theory are both suggested.
MUSIC
AS.376.351.01
Music and Literacy in Western Culture Before 1800
Elizabeth Archibald
Overall quality of the class: 4.30
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting material and the enlightening field trips to libraries.
The main complaint about the course was that long reading assignments were sometimes posted only a
day or two before class. A suggestion for improvement was to involve the class more during lectures.
Prospective students are told that no background in music is needed, and the workload is fairly low.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.670.623.01
Advanced NanoBio Tutorials
Denis Wirtz
Overall quality of the class: 3.0
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.130.110.01
Intro To Archaeology
Glenn Schwartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.82
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting lectures and the passionate, engaging professor.
Some students felt the lectures could get boring and that the lengthy reading assignments sometimes
seemed irrelevant or unhelpful. Suggestions for improvement included assigning more engaging and
productive reading materials or incorporating more interactive activities into class time. Future students
should know that this is a manageable introductory course with a fair amount of reading. It is interesting
and straightforward, but not necessarily easy to earn an `A'.
AS.130.114.01
The Archaeology of Ancient Israel
Laura Wright
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the enthusiastic, compassionate professor and the organized
presentation of the material. The worst aspects of this course included the professor's assumption of
students' background knowledge and the class's departure from the syllabus. Suggestions for
improvement included using an organized syllabus and incorporating more discussion into class. Future
students should know that this class covers interesting material and the professor is very engaging and
passionate.
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
AS.130.177.01
World Prehistory
Michael Harrower
Overall quality of the class: 3.98
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting, comprehensive lectures and the knowledgeable
professor. The worst aspects of this course included the long writing assignments and the harsh grading
system. Suggestions for improvement included providing more feedback on written assignments. Future
students should know that this is a basic introductory course that involves a fair amount of
memorization and writing.
AS.130.310.01
Mythology of the Ancient World
Paul Delnero
Overall quality of the class: 4.78
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material and the engaging, clear discussion and
analysis of the texts by the professor. Some students felt the reading load was overwhelming at times.
Suggestions for improvement included incorporating more secondary, background information into the
course ­ but most students felt no changes need to be made. Future students should know that
attending class and completing the readings ahead of time are vital to do well in this class, but the
material is very interesting and worthwhile.
AS.130.323.01
Cleopatra's Egypt: Ptolemaic-Roman Egypt
Richard Jasnow
Overall quality of the class: 4.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material, passionate professor, and effective
readings and handouts. Some students felt the lectures could be repetitive without the use of discussion
or activities. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating discussion into class time and
following a syllabus closely to organize the material better. Future students should know that this is a
fair class with interesting subject matter and a manageable workload.
NEAR EASTERN STUDIES
AS.130.341.01
Traditionalism vs. Orthodoxy in the Modern Era: The Case of Judaism
David Katz
Overall quality of the class: 3.67
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.130.357.01
Geographic Information Systems in Archaeology
Michael Harrower
Overall quality of the class: 3.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting and practical material and the engaging lab
assignments. Some students felt the class lectures were disorganized and difficult to follow. Students
were not given enough guidelines and instruction for the final project. Suggestions for improvement
included spending more time teaching basic information and preparing students better before they
begin working on their own projects. Prospective students may be helped by a background in GIS. The
class is interesting but challenging, and students are encouraged to seek help if they feel lost.
AS.130.359.01
Reading the Talmud in the Post-Talmudic Era
David Katz
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.130.361.01
The Politics of Sexuality in the Bible and the Ancient Near East
Erin Fleming
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
NEUROSCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.080.203.01
Cognitive Neuroscience
Brenda Rapp
Overall quality of the class: 3.43
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included interesting lecture topics, podcasts online, and having no final
exam. Students felt that the lectures were not helpful in preparing for exams. Students also felt that the
professor was not very engaging while lecturing and that she ran overtime on numerous occasions.
Course improvements included having practice exams as a study resource and having homework
assignments or weekly quizzes to better prepare for exams. Future students should be aware that the
text book is not very useful in preparing for exams, and that the tests were composed of only multiple
choice questions.
AS.080.250.01-02
Neuroscience Lab
Eric Fortune, Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included hands on experiences through dissections. Students felt that
they did not grasp everything that the professor was explaining because she spoke for too long before
the experimentation began. Course improvements included clearer explanations of the labs prior to
beginning them and also more resources to study for exams and practicals. Future students should be
aware that this course includes a lot of information, and they should study and prepare for the lab prior
to coming to class. Future students should also know that it is enjoyable and hands on.
NEUROSCIENCE
AS.080.306.01
The Nervous System II
Stewart Hendry, Haiqing Zhao
Overall quality of the class: 4.74
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include an enthusiastic and well-versed professor, interesting lecture
material, and a challenging course that can be rewarding. Students felt that the tests were very difficult
and that there was too much material to cover. Course improvements included an addition of
homework assignments or quizzes to help better understand the material and to add an additional
graded assignment, but some students felt no improvements were needed. Prospective students should
be aware that there is a lot of material to cover and that the course work is very heavy. Future students
should also know that going to every lecture is beneficial and that studying after each lecture will be the
most helpful in the long term.
AS.080.307.01
Neurobiology of Addiction
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.44
Summary:
The best aspects of this course include a small class size so that course discussion was very helpful for
course work. Also, the group work and presentations were informative and enjoyable. Students felt
that the course did not always use time efficiently and was a little unorganized. Course improvements
included an introduction lecture for each unit covered in the class and a set schedule and guidelines for
the course work due throughout the semester. Prospective students should be aware that this course is
not a typical lecture course and there is a lot of group work and interaction in this class.
AS.080.308.01
Neuroeconomics
Jason Trageser
Overall quality of the class: 3.94
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included interesting and informative lectures, clearly described
expectations, and a friendly and passionate instructor who was devoted to the students' learning
experience. Some students felt that the lectures were not paced well and that the grading was not
consistent. Students would have preferred that the lectures were more organized and balanced over
general information and research. Prospective students are advised to pay attention in class and learn
the power point slides. If they do this, they will do well in the class.
NEUROSCIENCE
AS.080.322.01
Cellular and Molecular Biology of Sensation
Samer Hattar
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included lectures from leaders in the field, the mix of independent
student projects and interesting lectures, the inclusion of both interesting and useful reading material,
and thought provoking class discussion. Some students felt that feedback was not always as quick as
they would like. Suggestions for improvement included a general rubric for student presentations so
expectations were a little clearer. For prospective students, most of student work is focused towards
presentations. Students are encouraged to take the class for the many benefits they'll receive, including
a great instructor and guest lectures.
AS.080.325.01
Neuroscience Journal Club
Elizabeth Mills
Overall quality of the class: 3.33
Summary:
This class had five or fewer comments.
AS.080.352.01
Primate Brain Function
Stewart Hendry
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included interesting material, an enjoyable and knowledgeable
instructor, well organized and thought provoking lectures, and inclusion of group discussion as well as
lectures. Some students felt that having quizzes every class was frustrating, that feedback was slow, and
that some material was not explored in-depth enough. Suggestions for improvement included involving
a TA in order to grade work faster and having more class discussion. Students would have liked if
lectures or slides were posted online so they could consult them while studying. Prospective students
should be prepared to read a paper for each class, take a quiz, and study often because there is a lot of
material; however, the class has a laid back atmosphere and the instructor engages students' interest.
AS.080.401.01-02
Research Practicum: KEEN (Kids Enjoying Exercise Now)
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.86
Summary:
This class had five or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
PHILOSOPHY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this
course?", "What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?",
and "What should prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been
summarized. Each course summary also includes the mean response of the survey question
rating the overall quality of the course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.150.118.01-04
Introduction to Formal Logic
Peter Achinstein
Overall quality of this course: 3.46
The best aspects of this course include the interesting and straightforward course subject. The
professor is also informative. Some students felt that too much emphasis was placed on the
homework that was overly difficult and had complicated instructions. Making homework easier,
better textbooks, and clearer grading instructions could improve this course. Prospective
students should know that although no background is needed, having knowledge in
mathematics may help. Students should also know that the course demands a fair amount of
effort.
AS.150.205.01, 02, 04
Introduction to the History of Modern Philosophy
Yitzhak Melamed
Overall quality of this course: 3.96
The best aspects of the course include an engaging teacher who knows the material and creates
fun examples. The papers are very intellectually stimulating along with the varied ways of
learning material. The lectures are great and other materials are interesting as well. The worst
aspects of the course are a lot of repetition and the readings. Some lectures seemed unplanned
and the students were reluctant to engage certain days. A good amount of material is left up to
the students to learn on their own and there were too many books to buy. Suggestions for
improving the course include a smaller class, longer sessions, more organized overall structure
along with more feedback on essays and more structure overall. Future students shouldknow
the material is tough and lots of reading. The essays aren't graded harshly, but be prepared to
do in-depth analysis of passages. It's a good introductory class for philosophers, the lectures are
very interesting and it's very all-inclusive.
PHILOSOPHY
AS.150.220.01-07
Introduction to Moral Philosophy
Laura Papish
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the in-depth readings, the engaging class discussions, and
the interesting course material. The professor was very knowledgeable, enthusiastic and
approachable. Students felt that there was a lot of reading and writing, and that discussions
could be difficult with the many topics and large class size. Suggestions for improvement
included having more in-depth, structured lectures and discussions and offering more help with
writing the papers. Prospective students can expect four papers, heavy reading, lots of
discussion, and diverse topics of study.
AS.150.235.01-06
Philosophy of Religion
Steven Gross
Overall quality of the class: 4.03
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interesting content and the helpful section
discussions. The instructor was an engaging and approachable lecturer. Students felt that the
course material was difficult, that the expectations for papers were unclear, and that all the
information for class was not on the PowerPoint slides. Some students thought that the section
discussions could be one-sided at times. Suggestions for improvement included putting study
aides and lecture slides online, thoroughly explaining expectations for papers, and including
more modern readings. Prospective students should know that the essays are graded harshly,
that they should pay attention to the lectures, complete the reading assignments, and that the
class has three essays and a final.
AS.150.300.01
Prometheus Editorial Workshop
Jonathon Hricko
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interesting essays and the opportunity to read other
students' papers and learn and experience philosophy in a different way. Reading other
students' work meant that occasionally students found the reading assignments to be poorly
written or tediously long. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating more discussion
of evaluation standards. Future students should know that this course is very interesting and
unconventional. It is an excellent philosophy course as it gives a unique and profound
perspective on the study of philosophy.
PHILOSOPHY
AS.150.301.01
Undergraduate Seminar: Ethics
Laura Papish
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the excellent professor's engaging seminar-style class
discussions and the thought-provoking readings. The worst aspects of this course included the
occasionally dry and convoluted readings and the sometimes tangential nature of the
discussions. Suggestions for improvement included structuring discussions more with focus
points and giving specific essays prompts. Future students should know that the workload for
this class is fairly heavy but manageable. It is important to do the readings to keep up with the
discussions.
AS.150.403.01
Hellenistic Philosophy
Richard Bett
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the organized professor who explained material clearly and
facilitated interesting discussions. Some students felt that the course could benefit from shorter
but more frequent class meetings, and possibly even an extension through a second semester.
Suggestions for improvement included creating another forum for discussion, either online or
with a weekly section meeting. Future students should know that it would not be wise to take
this class without having taken a philosophy course before. It is an interesting and intellectually
challenging course.
AS.150.404.01
Ethics and History of Body Modification
Dan O'Connor
Overall quality of the class: 4.91
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting material, engaging discussions, and the
professor's stimulating lectures. Some students felt the reading load was too heavy and wanted
more feedback on graded assignments. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating
more assignments to allow students to bring up their grades. Prospective students should know
that the workload for this class is very manageable though reading and discussion participation
are important.
PHILOSOPHY
AS.150.452.01
Free Will & Responsibility
Hilary Bok
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting selection of readings and the subject in
general. Some students felt that some of the readings were too dense and difficult. Suggestions
for improvement included incentivizing students to complete the readings and splitting the class
into two sessions instead of holding one long weekly meeting. Future students should know that
this class is very interesting but the reading load is very heavy, both in quantity and density.
AS.150.455.01
Ethics and Animals
Hilary Bok
Overall quality of the class: 3.89
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.150.459.01
Theory of Knowledge
Michael Williams
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the professor's passion for the material and the
engaging, informative lectures. Some students felt they did not receive enough timely feedback
on their work to be able to gauge their standing in the class. Suggestions for improvement
included making more time for discussion and providing students with more feedback on
papers. Future students should know that this course is intellectually challenging and involves a
substantial amount of reading. Students would benefit from having some background in
philosophy.
AS.150.463.01
Theories of Rationality
John Waterman
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
PHILOSOPHY
AS.150.464.01
Objectivity
Nicholas Goldberg
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.171.101.01-04
Gen Phys; Phys Sci Maj I
Bruce Barnett, David Neufeld
Overall quality of this class: 3.89
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the interactive experiments and lectures, the in-class discussions
and the helpful pre-lectures. Students felt that the lectures were not helpful because there was too
much emphasis on clicker questions. Some students felt that the exams did not reflect the material that
was learned in class, that the online homework problems were difficult, and that the sections were not
useful. Suggestions for improvement included spending more class time introducing and discussing the
material, having practice problems that are similar to the exam problems. Prospective students should
know that the class is hard and fast-paced, and that they should keep up with the readings and the
homework.
AS.171.102.01-16
General Physics II
Collin Broholm
Overall quality of the class: 3.41
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the in-class experiments, the straightforward lecture style of the
professor, and the wealth of available extra help. The weakest aspects of the course were the apparent
disconnect between homework problems and exam questions, as well as the pre-lecture questions,
which only served to confuse and overwhelm the students. Suggestions for improvement included
getting rid of the pre-lecture questions and giving less theoretical exam problems. Future students are
told that knowledge of Calc II is essential and knowledge of Calc III is also helpful. They should read the
assigned sections of the textbook prior to each lecture. They are also warned that this course is more
demanding than Physics I.
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
AS.171.104.02-10
General Phys/Biol Majors II
Timothy Heckman
Overall quality of the class: 3.53
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the in-class demonstrations as well as the clear and understandable
lecture style of the professor. Students noted there was a weak connection between homework
assignments and exam problems, with exams being much more conceptual. They also felt that they did
not receive enough feedback on their grades and their work. Suggestions for improvement included
doing more practice problems in class, assigning homework that is more similar to exams, and moving at
a slower pace in general. Prospective students are told that reading the textbook is the most effective
way to study.
AS.171.106.01 - 02
Electricity and Magnetism I
Petar Maksimovic
Overall quality of this course: 4.71
The best aspects of the course included a superb and very enthusiastic professor who was also engaging
and truly cares about the students learning. The lectures are very interesting and detailed. The worst
aspects of the course included homework being ridiculously tough and impossible to complete at times.
Suggestions for improving the course include more sections devoted to problem solving. Future
students should know the class is very demanding and it's a big leap from Classical Mechanics. Also, be
prepared to work.
AS.171.118.01
Stars and the Universe: Cosmic Evolution
Adam Riess
Overall quality of this course: 4.29
The best aspects of the course included the professor, a Nobel Prize winner, along with great lectures,
informative readings and fun labs. The homework assignments really give you a good idea of the
context of the material (i.e. how the universe expands, shape of the universe, etc.), great guest speakers
with fascinating topics covered in the course unit circle converter, and the professors is very accessible
and answers questions. The worst aspects of the course included some of the math which was very
difficult, the work load is heavy, some of the lectures can be dry at times and sometimes the labs
weren't useful. This is not a good subject class for non-science majors as it can be more difficult than
some non-science majors anticipate since students should have a background in chemistry and physics.
Suggestions for improving the class include more labs, but shorter times along with better lectures,
taking the emphasis off the math and put more on the astronomy. Also, reduction in class size and have
more guest lectures were noted. Future students should know there is math in this class, the class is
interesting, and pay attention in class because exams contain lecture materials.
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
AS.171.202.01
Modern Physics
Nina Markovic
Overall quality of this course: 4.50
The best aspects of the course were that professor Markovic was always prepared and the class was
interesting. He is a fantastic instructor and the class covered a lot of varied and interesting material.
The worst aspect of the class was so much new information to learn and not enough time. Homework
was a bit obscurely-worded and confusing. Suggestions for improving the course included providing a
strong mathematical basis for theories rather than just presenting results, more quizzes; and fewer
topics that are studied more comprehensively. Future students should know the class is interesting and
assumes general physics background. Having some knowledge of Intro Chemistry, basic Calculus and
Linear Algebra is beneficial.
AS.171.204.01
Classical Mechanics II
Barry Blumenfeld
Overall quality of this course: 4.05
The best aspects of this course include Professor Blumenfeld, who is excellent in this method of teaching
this high level physics course, along with an excellent textbook with interesting perspectives. The worst
aspect of this course include not having a TA with the deep understanding of the subject, the lectures
are right out of the textbook and the solutions to homework assignments were never posted so
students didn't know how to correct their mistakes. Suggestions for improving the course include having
a TA that would provide more feedback when grading homework problems and teaching students how
to reason about the problems in physics through challenging, creative and thought provoking exercises.
Future students should know that it's a good class, but you should know Calculus 3 and a background in
mechanics should be a requirement.
AS.171.304.01
Quantum Mechanics II
Susan Kovesi-Domokos
Overall quality of this course: 4.08
The best aspects of this course include useful, interesting materials for physicists, and a good professor
and TA who came to know all of the students. There was a great textbook and the other materials were
just as interesting. The worst aspects of this course included too much homework and too much tedious
calculation, while lectures seem to go by quickly. Suggestions for improving the course would be to
reduce the homework and a later start time for the class. Future students should know that it will be
difficult but Dr. Kovesi-Domokos does a good job of make sure everyone's on board with what's going
on and the work was similar to that of Quantum Mech 1, but considered more interesting.
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
AS.171.310.01
Biological Physics
Robert Leheny
Overall quality of this course: 4.32
The best aspects of this course include Dr. Leheny, who is an amazing lecturer and the lectures were
clear and effective, and the materials are easy to follow since lectures follow the book mostly. The
worst aspects of this course were the homework assignments which were terrible, the heavy work load
and some of the concepts were not explained very clearly. Suggestions for improving this would be
more examples on how to solve problems, better workbooks and relevant homework questions. Future
students should know it's a very tough course with lots of math and a heavy work load, but the
professor is really engaging and explains tough concepts very well.
AS.171.410.01
Physical Cosmology
Charles Bennett
Overall quality of this course: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included engaging material, a passionate professor, and a well-written
textbook. Although lectures followed the textbook closely, some of the homework assignments were a
little confusing, and some exam questions were not emphasized in class. Suggestions for improvement
included a more challenging textbook and taking a trip to the Stci or maybe have a hands-on extra
session where students could observe the equipment that is used in cosmology. Future students should
know that students really enjoyed this course overall. The homework can be tricky though, and some
previous upper-level physics courses may be helpful.
AS.171.606.01
Quantum Mechanics
Zlatko Tesanovic
Overall quality of this course: 4.56
Summary:
Students enjoyed the professor's lectures, found the homework instructive, and gained a great deal of
context and historical perspective on a very interesting subject. However, without an official textbook,
making connections between classwork and homework could be difficult at times. Suggestions for
improvement included having lecture notes posted weekly and more timely feedback on homework
assignments. Prospective students should have previous quantum mechanics coursework.
Undergraduates and non-theorists will undoubtedly find this course very challenging.
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
AS.171.646.01
General Relativity
Julian Krolik
Overall quality of this course: 4.55
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included excellent lectures, and intellectually challenging and interesting
subject matter. Despite the fact that classes deal with phenomena that may include intensive math
formulae, the course wasn't "dry". The professor provided historical and present day context for much
of the material. The worst aspects of this course included lectures which could be hard to follow,
especially later in the semester. Suggestions for improvement included facilitating students without
astronomy background knowledge and making written materials other than the textbook available.
Prospective students will benefit from having already taken a few courses in physics and astronomy,
although the textbook is helpful for learning the math involved. The material is difficult, but students
who stick with it should ultimately find it rewarding.
AS.173.111.01-06
General Physics Lab I
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of this class: 3.40
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included many of the TA's who were very helpful and thoroughly answered
questions. Labs were very useful, providing hands-on experience, and there was no homework. The
worst aspects of the class included poorly explained labs which were unclear and ambiguous, and the
labs were not graded promptly and some of the TA's were hard to understand. Suggestions for
improvement would be to have a clearer understanding of what's expected of labs, better designed labs,
lab work graded week to week, and allow students to read the instructions for better understanding
before the lab. Prospective students should know is there is no outside work required and no prior
knowledge is needed. Though the class was not considered difficult, the labs were tedious. Get a good
lab partner.
AS.173.112.01-24
General Physics Lab II
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 2.82
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the hands-on nature of the course and the fact that assignments
are completed during class time. Some students felt that the course was disorganized and did not
correlate well with its lecture course counterpart. Students felt that they received hardly any direction
or guidance, struggled to finish within the time constraints, did not understand the grading system, and
PHYSICS AND ASTRONOMY
often felt unprepared for labs. Suggestions for improvement included giving more detailed instruction
and explanation of the labs and having more uniformity among TAs in terms of grading. Prospective
students should know that the course is harder conceptually than General Physics Lab I. Students will
have to manage time well in order to complete labs on time and will have to do a lot of work on their
own without explanation from the instructor or TA.
AS.173.116.01
Electricity and Magnetism Laboratory
Morris Swartz
Overall quality of the class: 3.43
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the efficiently-designed labs, the hands-on aspects of the class,
and the interesting and practical topics. Students felt that the lab assignments were sometimes vague
and tedious. Feedback was very limited and students were not sure if they were making progress with
their scientific writing skills. Suggestions for improvement included returning grades more quickly,
rewriting lab descriptions to be more clear and concise, and offering more detailed feedback.
Prospective students should know that the course is relatively straightforward, and naturally progresses
from Mechanics Lab.
AS.173.308.01-02
Advanced Physics Lab
Tobias Marriage
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the valuable hands-on experience; interesting and varied
experiments, organized class structure, and focus on modern physics. Some students stated that there
was minimal to no feedback available and that the amount of work required was quite demanding.
Suggestions for improvement included offering more detailed feedback, lessening the number of labs,
and going into more depth with Python and Latex. Prospective students should be informed that the
workload is heavy, and that the course is only appropriate for physics majors.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.190.102.01-08
Intro to Comp Politics
Nicolas Jabko
Overall quality of the class: 3.37
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting lectures, the organized and structured syllabus,
and the instructor's ability to provoke unique and intriguing discussions. Some students felt that the
class was graded extremely harshly and that they received little to no feedback on their work. They
believed that the reading was extensive and tedious with limited time to complete. Suggestions for
improvement included a standardized rubric for grading and more straightforward topics for papers.
Prospective students should be prepared to do a lot of reading and work diligently in order to receive a
decent grade. No background knowledge is required to do well, but the course is challenging.
AS.190.211.01
Intro Political Econ I
Isaac Kamola
Overall quality of the class: 4.14
The best aspects of this course included the lectures that were informative and engaging. The professor
was also passionate about teaching his students, and presented many interesting materials. Some
students felt that the readings assigned were at times too long. Omitting some readings could improve
this class. Decreasing the class size or putting more emphasis on class participation may also improve
this class. Prospective students should know that this class demands a fair amount of work, but the
class is worth the effort.
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.190.216.01-02
Global Political Economy
Renee Marlin-Bennett
Overall quality of the class: 3.29
The best aspects of this course included the readings and materials covered in class. Some students felt
that the lectures were difficult to understand, and not well-structured. Students also felt that section
meetings were not helpful. Having a more organized assignment structure, returning grades on time,
and making discussions more interesting could improve this class. Prospective students should know
that there are a lot of reading assignments, and that a background in economics may help with
understanding the course material.
AS.190.281.01-04
Virtue, Labor, and Power (Classics of Political Thought II)
Samuel Chambers
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
The best features of this course include the interesting and challenging reading assignments. The
professor is also passionate about teaching, and offers thought provoking lectures. Some students felt
that there was too much material to learn independently without structure to guide this learning. Since
the final exam was worth 40% of the grade and there were not many tests or quizzes, increasing the
number of exams could improve this class. Prospective students should know that this is a difficult class
with a lot of readings, but it is very thought-provoking.
AS.190.313.01
Dreams of America
Jane Bennett
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Students appreciated the lectures and materials, which were interesting, informative, and engaging. The
professor also emphasized discussions to make the course enriching and fun. Students felt that at times
the readings could be mundane. Having a few small assignments instead of just two papers could
improve this class. Prospective students should know that this is a tough yet a stimulating political
theory course. The course also gives students a chance to read classic American books including the
Great Gatsby, and the unique discussions of the material make this class very exciting.
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.190.320.01-02
Politics of East Asia
Erin Chung
Overall quality of the class: 4.35
The best aspects of this course included the professor's continued engagement with students in and
outside of the classroom, roundtable discussions, and debates in class. The lectures were informative
and well structured. Some students felt that the final group project led several students to contribute
less than others. Others also felt that at times there were too many readings assigned each week.
Having less reading and creating a system to make everyone contribute during group work could
improve this class. Prospective students should know that the course demands a fair amount of work,
but it will greatly help expand the knowledge about East Asia.
AS.190.326.01-02
Democracy and Elections
Richard Katz
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
The best aspects of this course included the intellectual challenge through approaching electoral
theories and democracy in interesting ways. Some students felt that the lectures were hard to follow,
and not well-structured. Having better organization of lectures and providing assignments to help
students understand the material better could improve this class. Students enrolling in this course
should know that this class requires a lot of reading, but overall there are many thought-provoking
theories offered.
AS.190.334.01
Constitutional Law
Joel Grossman
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.190.385.01
Urban Politics and Policy
Lester Spence
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
The best aspect of the course was the engaging, intelligent, and inspired professor. The course also
offered stimulating class discussions and lectures. Some students felt that the weekly readings were at
times too intensive, and the 2 hour and 20 minute lectures were too long. Others also felt that there
was a lack of instruction and feedback on assignments. Making some of the reading assignments
shorter, adding a break during lectures, and having more guidelines for projects could improve this class.
Prospective students should know that although the reading assignments are heavy, students interested
in learning about urban politics and policy would benefit greatly from taking this class. The final project
is also somewhat time-consuming.
AS.190.392.01, 03
Introduction to Latin American Politics
Margaret Keck
Overall quality of this course: 3.47
The best aspects of this course include the knowledgeable professor and the well-chosen textbook.
Some students felt that the lectures were disorganized. Learning about one country a time and having
more structured lectures could improve the course. Prospective students should know that it will be
helpful to have some background on Latin American history, and participation is relatively important.
AS.190.395.01
Crime and Society
Benjamin Ginsberg
Overall quality of the class: 3.97
The best aspects of this course include the stimulating lectures and materials. Some students felt that
the student presentations were too long and not educational. More interaction with the professor and
shorter student presentations could improve this class. Students enrolling in this class should know that
this class has almost no readings and no formal grades until the final paper. The professor is interesting,
but a lot of class time is spent on student presentations.
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.190.406.01
The Executive Branch
Benjamin Ginsberg
Overall quality of this course: 4.07
The best aspects of the course include dynamic discussions; Dr. Ginsberg expertise and exposure make it
very interesting at discussion time. The worst aspects were the class period, once a week, which was too
long and no real way to track your progress throughout the semester. Also, the final grade was based
only on a presentation and final paper, so it's difficult to know your standing in the class and when it
came to writing papers, there was some uncertainty as to what was expected or what was to be
produced. Suggestions for improving the course would include less student presentations and more
discussions in class along with more clear and specific instructions about what is expected for
assignments. Future students should know that is an excellent class overall with a fair grading system
and be sure to choose a book for the presentation that interests them. There is not a lot of work and
the professor is very smart.
AS.190.407.01
Geopolitics, Nuclear Weapons and World Order
Daniel Deudney
Overall quality of this course: 4.65
The best aspects of the course are professor Deudney is brilliant and the subject matter is very current
and interesting. The worst aspects of the course were some of the readings, which were too long and
there was little to no feedback from the professor. Suggestions for improving the class is make the class
smaller; shorten the papers and allow the students to know there academic standing. Future students
should know the professor is great, be ready to read a lot and have a good understanding of political
science basics before the class, otherwise it's possible to fall behind because of terminology..
AS.190.415.01
The Geopolitics of Outer Space
Daniel Deudney
Overall quality of this course: 4.78
The best aspects of the course are professor Deudney is a genius and his lectures are fascinating. The
worst aspects of the course were sometimes the class seemed as though it was an engineering course
rather than a political science class and the paper assignment is super long. Suggestions to improve the
course include eliminate some of the readings, a shorter final paper and structure the course more
concisely. Future students should be prepared to connect the dots on your own, though the class is
super interesting and Duedney is the best political science professor ever.
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.191.206.01
Violence and World Orders
Lauren Wilcox
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the interesting readings and the classroom discussions. Some
students felt that the texts were not explained thoroughly. Suggestions for improvement are
implementing more writing exercises and case studies. Future students should be interested in the field
of political science, and be interested in current world topics. Future students are suggested to
complete readings before class, and come prepared to discuss.
AS.191.304.01
US-Cuba Decision Making
Wayne Smith
Overall quality of the class: 3.52
Summary:
The best aspects of this course are the insightful lectures about the teacher's personal experiences in
Cuba. Some students felt as though the course should be more structured. Suggestions for
improvement are to add more graded assignments and in-class discussions. Prospective students should
be interested in relations with Cuba. Future students are suggested to keep up with the readings and
take thorough notes in class.
AS.191.315.01
Chinese Foreign Relations
Gaye Christofferson
Overall quality of the class: 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of this course are the knowledgeable professor, and well-organized structure of the
class. Some students felt that the lectures were a little long and there were heavy amounts of reading.
Suggestions for improvement were to have more engaging lectures and more guidance in research
papers. Prospective students should be interested in foreign relations and Chinese foreign policy.
Future students are suggested to stay on top of their readings, and come prepared to discuss readings in
class.
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.191.323.01
Asian Energy Security
Gaye Christoffersen
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
Summary:
The best aspects of this course are the expertise of the professor, the unique subject matter, and the
informative lectures. Some students felt as though the material was repetitive, and the readings were a
bit lengthy. Some suggestions for improvement were to consolidate some assignments and give more
interactive lectures. Prospective students should have a basic knowledge of Asia and foreign relations.
It is strongly suggested to actively participate in class discussions and keep up on the assigned readings.
AS.191.332.01
Theories of Violence in Political Science
Max Abrahms
Overall quality of the class: 4.42
Summary:
The best aspects of this course are the fascinating lectures and the relaxed environment. Some students
felt as though the discussions lacked structure. Suggestions for improvement include more graded
assignments, and more class debates. Prospective students should have a background in political
theories and be interested in international studies. Future students are encouraged to keep up on the
readings so that they can actively participate in class discussions.
AS.191.349.01
Global Urbanism: Planet of Slums or World Cities
Daniel Pasciuti
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the stimulating class lectures, and the engaging professor. Some
students felt that the reading load was overwhelming and they needed more guidance on the writing
assignments. Suggestions for improvement included having more opportunities for student discussions
and more interactive lectures. Prospective students should be interested in globalization. Future
students should be prepared to dedicate a lot of time to this class, and they should have a background in
sociology.
POLITICAL SCIENCE
AS.191.394.01
Global Environmental Politics
Anatoli Ignatov
Overall quality of the class: 4.83
Summary:
The best aspects of this course are the intellectually stimulating in-class discussions and the professor's
knowledge of the material. Some students felt as though the class was too fast-paced, especially given
the dense readings that were required. Suggestions for improvement include cutting down the number
of readings, and having more writing assignments. Prospective students should be interested in
environmental and developmental issues. Future students are encouraged to keep an open mind during
class discussions, and to develop their thoughts on readings before coming to class.
AS.191.440.01
American Political Economy
Michael Lind
Overall quality of the class: 4.16
Summary:
The best aspects of this course are the knowledgeable instructor and the interesting readings. Some
students felt as though there was poor communication and feedback from the professor, and that the
lectures were a little too long. Suggestions for improvement include more structured discussions and
shorter lectures. Prospective students should have a background in economics as well as American
politics. Future students are encouraged to keep up on the readings.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATIONS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
EN.661.110.01
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Donald McNeilly
Overall quality of the class: 3.84
A positive aspect of the course was engaging lectures that taught useful skills, including cover letters and
resume conception. The professor was very enjoyable and helpful, providing feedback that helped
improve writing skills. Some students felt that the workload for the class was too light, and that the
course lacked some organization. Having more organization and increasing the number of assignments
will improve this class. Students enrolling in this class should know that this class will help improve
fundamental writing skills.
EN.661.110.02
Professional Communications for Science, Business and Industry
Nora Frenkiel
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
The best aspect of this course was learning professional writing skills that are applicable to real life.
There are also many opportunities to be involved in engaging small class discussions. Some students felt
that the class time was too long, and that some assignment instructions were not very clear. More
detailed instructions on the assignments could improve this class. Prospective students should know
that this class has a manageable workload and offers useful practice with writing skills. It is especially
useful for freshmen as the skills learned here will help them in other courses.
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
EN.661.110.03
Professional Communications for Science, Business and Industry
Jason Heiserman
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
The best aspect of this course was the interesting and practical material. The professor made the
lectures very enjoyable, and the small presentations improved students' skills in public speaking and
interviews. Some students felt that at times there was too much busywork. More feedback on
presentations could improve this class. Prospective students should know that this class will help
students learn skills necessary when working in the real world, especially public speaking.
EN.661.110.04
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Donald McNeilly
Overall quality of the class: 4.05
A positive aspect of the course was engaging lectures that taught useful skills, including cover letters and
resume conception. The professor was very enjoyable and helpful, providing feedback that helped
improve writing skills. Some students felt that the workload for the class was too light, and that the
course lacked some organization. Having more organization and increasing the number of assignments
will improve this class. Students enrolling in this class should know that this class will help improve
fundamental writing skills.
EN.661.110.05
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
The best aspect of this the course was the professor whom students found approachable, engaging, and
knowledgeable. Students also like the useful and valuable information that was learned. The worst
aspect of the course is that the lectures are long and can sometimes be boring and dry. To improve the
course some students suggested meeting twice a week instead of once a week, and integrating other
media into the lectures. Future students should know the material is useful, the workload is manageable,
and the grading system is fair.
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
EN.661.110.06
Professional Communication for Science, Business and Industry
Eric Vohr
Overall quality of the class: 3.59
The best aspect of this course was learning skills that are important when working after college, such as
writing emails, resumes, business letters, and cover letters. Some students felt that the lectures were
too informal and not very structured. Others also felt that the 3 hour class time was too long. Having
more organization in class lectures will improve this class. Prospective students should know that the
class is worthwhile and the grading is fair.
EN.661.111.01
Professional Communication for ESOL Students
Laura Davis
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.150.01-02
Oral Presentations
Kevin Dungey
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
The best aspect of this course was the polishing of speaking skills through weekly presentations. The
professor is also engaging and informative. Some students felt that there was not enough feedback for
each of the assignments. Others also felt that the grading was arbitrary and sometimes too harsh.
Providing feedback right after each presentation would improve the quality of this class. Prospective
students should know that this course requires a lot of effort; however, it is extremely helpful and
interesting.
EN.661.150.03
Oral Presentations
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
The best aspects of this course include the useful skills provided through the class and a great professor
who is inspirational, encouraging, and provides good feedback on each assignment. Some students felt
that 3 hours and 15 minutes was too long for the course meeting time. Shortening class time or
including breaks could improve this class. Students enrolling in this class should know that it is very
helpful in improving presentation and communication skills. It is also important to participate actively in
order to have the most rewarding experience.
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
EN.661.150.04
Oral Presentations
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
The best aspect of this course was the education on useful public speaking skills. The class also provided
engaging and interesting discussions. Some students felt that the three hour class held each week was
too long, and that listening to every student's presentation became mundane. Shortening the class time
could improve this class. Prospective students should know that the course is helpful regardless of
academic background.
EN.661.150.05
Oral Presentations
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 4.69
The best aspects of this course include the useful skills provided through the class and a great professor
who is inspirational, encouraging, and provides good feedback on each assignment. Some students felt
that 3 hours and 15 minutes was too long for the course meeting time. Shortening class time or
including breaks could improve this class. Students enrolling in this class should know that it is very
helpful in improving presentation and communication skills. It is also important to participate actively in
order to have the most rewarding experience.
EN.661.150.06
Oral Presentations
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
The best aspects of this course included improving on public speaking skills through presentations, and
analyzing videos of students' performances. The worst aspect of the course was the heavy workload;
however, students did not think that this class had to improve anything. Prospective students can expect
to give a presentation weekly.
EN.661.150.07-08
Oral Presentations
Andrew Kulanko
Overall quality of the class: 4.55
The best aspect of this course was the feedback provided after each weekly presentation, which greatly
improved the public speaking skills of the students. Some students felt that the quizzes given on the
readings could be unnecessarily challenging. Eliminating quizzes or reducing the grading weight on
quizzes could improve this class. Prospective students should know that overall the class is very
rewarding and teaches many valuable skills.
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
EN.661.170.01
Visual Rhetoric
Charlotte O'Donnell
Overall quality of the class: 3.70
The best aspect of this course was learning to work with Adobe software including Illustrator, Photoshop,
and InDesign. Some students felt that too much time was spent critiquing each other's work. Others also
felt that they had to spend too much time watching tutorial videos each week on top of other
assignments. This course could be improved by a lighter workload. Students enrolling in this class should
know that the class requires a lot of work; however, the graphic design material was very useful.
EN.661.315.01
The Culture of the Engineering Profession
Eric Rice
Overall quality of the class: 3.95
The best aspect of this course was the professor, who gave informative and engaging lectures; his
anecdotes from his life experiences were very helpful for students. Students felt that they did not
receive feedback in a timely manner. Others also felt that the course lacked structure and fell behind
schedule. Providing regular feedback on assignments and sticking to the course syllabus could improve
the quality of this course. Prospective students should know that the class has a relatively heavy
workload, including some writing assignments, but the interesting lectures and useful skills learned
make it worthwhile to enroll.
EN.661.315.02
The Culture of the Engineering Profession
Pamela Sheff
Overall quality of the class: 3.87
The best aspect of this course was the class discussions, which were engaging and useful. The professor
also cared about the progress of each student, and provided interesting course materials. Some
students felt that the course did not focus enough on how to improve writing skills. Others also felt that
the assignment sheets were too vague, and that the project deadlines were too close together.
Providing more instructions on writing, spreading out deadlines, and making the prompts more specific
would improve this class. Students enrolling in this class should know that the course demands a lot of
writing, but is stimulating and fun.
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
EN.661.315.03
The Culture of the Engineering Profession
Donna Crane
Overall quality of the class: 4.43
The best aspect of this course was the professor, who was very encouraging and gave informative
lectures. Students also appreciated getting helpful feedback. Some students felt that the assignments
were at times not very clear, and during group projects a few students did contribute meaningfully.
Having more individual assignments could improve this class. Prospective students should know that the
course helps students improve on writing skills and the classes are fun. However, the course requires
lots of writing and it is important to start the assignments early.
EN.661.390.01
Online Journalism: JayStreet: A Journal of Entrepreneurship & Technology
Eric Vohr
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
The best aspect of this course was learning to write in the style of magazine journalism. Students felt
that the course was disorganized. Having clearer criteria for assignments and more course structure
would improve this class. Students enrolling in this class should know that if students put effort into the
class, it is easy to do well and they will also learn a lot.
EN.661.454.01
Blogging, Editing and Copywriting
Keith Quesenberry
Overall quality of the class: 4.64
The best aspects of this course were the knowledgeable professor and the useful material that was
taught. Students enjoyed the practical real world experience that was gained in this class. The worst
aspect of the course is that some students felt time is sometimes wasted in class and that they did not
get a lot out of the course, while others said there were no bad aspects to the class. To improve the
course students suggested posting the lecture slides online. Future students should know that you have
to write a blog every week; therefore, it is important to keep up with the blogging so you don't have to
play catch up at the end of the semester.
EN.661.610.01
Research Writing for ESOL
Denise Link-Farajali
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
PROFESSIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
EN.661.613.01
Professional Communication for ESOL : Financial Math
Laura Davis
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.613.02
Professional Communication for ESOL : Financial Math
Denise Link-Farajali
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
EN.661.687.01
Advanced Communication Skills for Science and Engineering
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
The best aspect of this course was the detailed and helpful feedback on writing assignments. The class
also allows students to improve their writing and presentation skills through discussions and
constructive criticism. Some students felt that the course could have provided more direction during
class discussions and allowed students to provide more input as well. The course could be improved by
adding activities to review peers' work. Prospective students should know that this class is a large time
commitment; however, the knowledge gained from the class is very rewarding.
EN.661.710.01
Dissertation Writing Workshop
Julie Reiser
Overall quality of the class: 4.92
The best aspects of this course included the well-structured class schedule which covered all aspects
required to complete the dissertation writing process. The class provided helpful feedback from the
professor as well as from peers, and created a comfortable atmosphere to discuss the goals and ideas
while writing dissertations. Students felt that there were no bad aspects to this course. Starting the
weekly assignment on writing goals earlier in the semester, and eliminating some of the readings could
improve the quality of this class. Students enrolling in this course should know that this class is
extremely helpful in the dissertation writing process.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
PSYCHOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.200.110.01
Introduction to Cognitive Psychology
Jonathan Flombaum
Overall quality of the class: 4.39
Summary:
The best aspect of this course was the engaging and approachable professor who gave very interesting
lectures. Students also felt the course topic was interesting and that the readings were very informative.
Students felt that the tests were slightly too difficult and that there was a lot of reading to do on a week-
to-week basis. Course improvements suggested by students included adding short answer questions to
the exams and supplying practice exams as a study resource. Future students should be aware that the
tests are all multiple choice questions and that there are a lot of reading assignments to complete.
Prospective students should also know that the course is very interesting and the professor is a good
lecturer.
AS.200.133.01
Intro Social Psychology
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of the class: 4.22
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included a professor who was a very good lecturer, the interesting
material, and the manageable workload. Students felt that the class size was too large and made it more
difficult to learn. Students also felt that a lot of material was repeated from other psychology courses
and that some of the exam questions were confusing and poorly worded. Course improvements
suggested by students included reducing the class size, making the test questions more clear, and
holding review sessions prior to exams. Future students should be aware that it is important to attend
lecture in order to do well, and that the course is interesting and fairly straightforward. Prospective
students should also know that there are three midterm exams and one final exam and that background
knowledge in psychology is necessary.
PSYCHOLOGY
AS.200.204.01-02
Human Sexuality
Chris Kraft
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
The best aspect of this course was the comfortable and open-minded atmosphere which allowed
mature discussion of sometimes controversial topics. Students felt that the professor's clinical
experience added a lot to the course, and appreciated that the course incorporated a variety of media
and perspectives. Students commented that the class had more writing assignments than other non-
writing intensive courses. Suggestions for improving this course include adding more discussion and
making the course writing intensive. Students also felt that updating the course with more modern
material would be beneficial. Future students should be aware that this course requires an open mind
and a great deal of writing.
AS.200.208.01
Animal Behavior
Gregory Ball, Farrah Madison
Overall quality of the class: 3.92
The best aspects of this course included the interesting course material and engaging lecture style of the
professors. Students enjoyed the opportunity to learn about animal behaviors through videos, and
found the textbook very useful for exams. The worst aspects of this class were the difficult exams and
the large amount of graded assignments. Students found exam questions to be too specific, and much of
the exam material was covered only in the textbook and not in lecture. Students felt this course would
be most improved by having a section meeting to review material and by covering more of the textbook
information in lecture. Putting lecture slides online before the class would also be beneficial. Future
students should know that the class is interesting and manageable if you read the textbook often.
AS.200.301.01
History Of Psychology
Paul Hofer
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
The best aspect of this course was the quizzes which made the course material more manageable.
Quizzes also encouraged students to do their readings before class which helped make lectures easy to
follow. The worst aspect of this course was its length which made it difficult for students to stay
engaged. Students also felt that participation was poor in class discussions. Suggestions for improving
the course included restructuring the class so that quizzes are given after discussing the readings. Future
students should know that because quizzes on readings comprise the entirety of one's grade for this
course, it is important to keep up with the readings.
PSYCHOLOGY
AS.200.304.01
Neuroscience of Decision Making
Veit Stuphorn
Overall quality of the class: 4.13
The best aspect of this course was the clear lectures, which incorporated a lot of interesting and current
research. The worst aspect of this course was the lack of feedback on assignments, which made it
difficult to know your grade until the end of the course. Students also found quizzes too difficult at
times. Suggestions for improving this course include moving quizzes to Tuesdays so that students are
given adequate time to study, and incentivizing discussion participation. Futures students should know
that the class includes weekly quizzes and a presentation.
AS.200.306.01-02
Psychology in the Workplace
Heather Roberts Fox
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
The best aspects of this course included the enjoyable homework assignments, which students felt
allowed them to apply knowledge learned in class. Students also found the material to be practical and
interesting, and the professor was knowledgeable about the topic. The worst aspects of this course
included lectures, which were often not helpful for completing assignments. Suggestions for improving
this course include making lectures more interactive and having more discussion. Future students
should know that the class moves quickly; it is recommended for those interested in business
psychology.
AS.200.317.01
Interpersonal Relations
Stephen Drigotas
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Students enjoyed the course structure, which comprised engaging discussions, a take-home midterm,
and final paper. They felt that the professor did a good job facilitating the discussions. Students were
frustrated that there were so few graded assignments; they also felt that the weekly discussion got
repetitive toward the end of the course. Suggestions for improving this course include having more
direction on the final paper with deadlines throughout the semester. Future students should know that
this course requires some background in social psychology, and that the final paper should be started as
early as possible.
PSYCHOLOGY
AS.200.325.01
Law Psych : Clinical Appl
Lawrence Raifman
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
The best aspect of this course was the engaging lectures. Although the class was 2.5 hours long,
students felt it was easy to sit through the entire course. Students also appreciated the chance to learn
from a professor with so much experience in the field. The worst aspects of this course included the lack
of feedback on assignments, which caused students to have difficulties determining their standing in the
class; and the disorganized syllabus and lecture notes. Suggestions for improving this course include
defining expectations more clearly and grading assignments more quickly. Future students should know
that the class is very focused on law, and that the professor will call on students randomly during
lecture.
AS.200.328.01
Thry-Mthds/Clinical Psyc
David Edwin
Overall quality of the class: 4.31
The best aspects of this course included the professor's helpful anecdotes and his teaching
effectiveness. Students thought that the class was run smoothly and the material was interesting.
Students did not like the length of the meeting time ­ it was 2.5 hours, which made focusing difficult,
especially with the lack of student interaction. Suggestions for improvement include having more
interactive lectures and giving breaks during class. This course is recommended for any students with an
interest in clinical psychology.
AS.200.336.01-03
Foundations of Mind
Lisa Feigenson, Justin Halberda
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Students found that the lectures were excellent; both professors were very strong. Students felt that
they were exposed to cutting-edge research and experiments. Students did not feel that the QALMRI
material was incorporated into the course effectively. Suggestions for improving this course include
updating PowerPoint slides and giving more guidance on QALMRI experiments. Prospective students
should be aware that exams are multiple choice. Students who first took Intro to Developmental
Psychology did feel better prepared for the course, but it was possible to succeed without this
background.
PSYCHOLOGY
AS.200.343.01
Motivation
Herbert Petri
Overall quality of the class: 4.48
Students enjoyed the class discussions as well as the 20-minute presentation they were required to
complete on a topic of their interest. The worst aspects of this course included the tests, which were
difficult, and the overlap with information from other courses. Suggestions for improving this course
include giving more guidance on final paper, and spending less time on student presentations and more
time on lectures from the professor. Future students should know that the final assignments need to be
started as early as possible.
AS.200.368.01
Altered States of Consciousness
Richard Allen
Overall quality of the class: 3.98
Students appreciated the grading structure, which was based on many components, giving students
multiple opportunities to do well. Students found the professor to be engaging and very knowledgeable,
and enjoyed the opportunity to learn from guest lectures. Generally, students felt that the course was
disorganized with unclear deadlines. They also felt that the poorly made PowerPoint slides detracted
from their learning experience. Suggestions for improving this course include having more structure and
organization in the lectures and slideshows, and providing explanations for graphs on slides. Future
students should know that it is important to attend and pay attention in lectures, and some knowledge
of statistics is helpful for this course.
AS.200.370.01
Functional Human Neuroanatomy
Susan Courtney-Faruqee
Overall quality of the class: 3.91
Students enjoyed the opportunity to learn about anatomy, and felt that homework assignments, labs,
and online materials greatly helped with their learning. The worst aspects of this course included the
instructor's monotonous lectures, which students found difficult to pay attention to; and the Power
Points, which were mostly comprised of pictures. Suggestions for improving this course include focusing
more on anatomy than functions, and making the final non-cumulative. Future students should know
that taking Nervous Systems I and II first is very helpful for this course, and it is necessary to attend and
pay attention to every lecture so as to not fall behind.
PSYCHOLOGY
AS.200.376.01
Psychopharmacology
Linda Gorman
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
The best part of this course was the professor, who students found to be energetic, entertaining, and
knowledgeable about the field. Students also appreciated the podcasted lectures and opportunities for
extra credit. They felt that the exams were long and difficult, and that the professor spoke too quickly
during lectures. Suggestions for improving this course include revising exams to focus more on major
concepts rather than minute details. Future students should know that while the class is a lot of work, it
can be extremely rewarding. A lot of memorization is required for this course, and it is heavily
neuroscience based, so a neuroscience background is recommended.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
PUBLIC HEALTH DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.280.101.01
Introduction to Public Health
Miriam Alexander
Overall quality of the class: 3.66
The best aspects of this course included the weekly blog assignments, which gave students
opportunities to express their opinions on public health topics, and the various guest lecturers who
presented different perspectives on public health. Students felt this course was a good survey of a broad
range of topics. Students felt rushed and unprepared regarding the final paper. They also complained
that having a different lecturer every class made studying difficult. Suggestions for improving this course
include providing a study guide for exams and posting grades earlier. Students would have also liked for
the final paper to be introduced earlier in the course. Future students should know that this class
provides students with a good foundation in public health, and is helpful for exploring the public health
major. Assignments will be difficult if saved for the last minute.
AS.280.120.01-04
Lectures on Public Health and Wellbeing in Baltimore
Philip Leaf
Overall quality of the class: 3.85
The best aspects of this course included the guest speakers, who presented interesting perspectives on
health and well-being in Baltimore. Students also appreciated the chance to learn more about Baltimore
in general. The worst aspects of this course included the fact that the lecturers vary in quality, and that
the professor's lectures were also dry at times. Suggestions for improving this course include making the
class more interactive or having more incentive for paying attention during class. Future students should
know that attendance is mandatory for this course.
PUBLIC HEALTH
AS.280.221.01
The Sciences Behind HIV: Is eradication imminent?
Janet Guedon
Overall quality of the class: 4.79
The best aspects of this course included the lectures, which students found to be engaging and
interesting. The professor was never dull or repetitive, and presented interesting current research in
lecture. Students also enjoyed the final project, which allowed them to effectively use what they had
learned in the course. Students did, however, agree that the midterm was too challenging. It was
suggested that the professor organize a review session or other review materials. Future students
should know that this course requires a solid background in biology.
AS.280.319.01
Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene in the 21st Century
Robert Dreibelbis
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
The best aspects of this course included the small class atmosphere and the professor's passion and
commitment to improving the course. Students commented that lectures were always interesting, and
the course had real world applications. Some of the readings were thought to be too long. Students also
complained that the instructor relied too heavily on PowerPoint presentations. Suggestions for
improving this course include having more and better facilitated discussions, and giving clearer
instructions for assignments. Future students should know that this course requires a lot of writing, but
helpful feedback is given on written assignments.
AS.280.320.01
Seminar on Public Health and Wellbeing in Baltimore
Philip Leaf
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
The best aspects of this course included the guest speakers, who gave students an opportunity to learn
from influential people in Baltimore. Students also appreciated the fact that the course made them
consider ways to get involved in the Baltimore community. The worst aspects of this course included the
organization, and some readings, lectures, and assignments did not seem relevant. Suggestions for
improving this course include having better organization and having more connection between the
sections and lectures. Future students should know that this course is a good opportunity to learn about
public health in Baltimore.
PUBLIC HEALTH
AS.280.340.01-06
Fundamentals of Health Policy & Management
Lynda Burton, Donald Steinwachs
Overall quality of the class: 3.93
The best aspects of this course included the discussions in lab and section, which helped students
understand the material. Students also enjoyed the variety of guest lectures. The worst aspects of this
course included the weekly assignments, which were often repetitive and not educational. Because the
lecturers changed every class, there was some overlap between lectures and students found it difficult
to know what to study from each lecture. Students also complained that the CPS system often
malfunctioned and was poorly implemented. Suggestions for improving this course include diversifying
lectures and focusing less on current healthcare reform. Students also requested more organized review
sessions. Prospective students should be aware that this course has weekly assignments, but the work
load is reasonable.
AS.280.350.01-05
Fundamentals of Epidemiology
Allyn Arnold, Darcy Phelan
Overall quality of this course: 4.22
The best aspects of this course included the professor who was very committed to students learning and
delivered enthusiastic and interesting lectures. The professor often solicited feedback from students on
the course and attempted to improve it. Students also enjoyed guest lectures, and found homework
assignments useful to learning the course material. The worst aspects of this course included the fact
that some of the guest lectures were uninteresting. Students also felt that sections and labs were not
very useful or relevant, and midterm practice questions did not prepare students for the actual exam.
Suggestions for improving this course include allowing students to use a formula sheet on exams, and
having Professor Phelan do more lectures by decreasing the number of guest lectures. Futures students
should know that exams in this class are difficult and should be taken seriously. Practice problems and
TA help sessions will help with understanding the material.
AS.280.360.01
Clinical & Public Health Behavior Change
Lawrence Cheskin
Overall quality of the class: 3.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the guest speakers, and correspondingly, the variety of interesting
material covered. Some students complained that there was little continuity from lecture to lecture, and
that it was hard to tell what purpose the readings served. Suggestions for improvement were to focus
less on memorization in the exams, include more class interaction, and give more individual
assignments. Prospective students should know that no background is required before taking this
course, and that they should start studying early for the exams.
PUBLIC HEALTH
AS.280.375.01
Cultural Factors of P.H.
Thomas Laveist
Overall quality of the class: 3.31
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the guest speakers and the interesting material. Students did not
like that the professor was frequently absent from class, and the fact that there was a lack of
communication with the TAs about assignments and requirements. They also thought that exams were
too difficult. Some students thought that the group research project should be eliminated, and would
suggest that the professor develop more concrete grading guidelines. Prospective students are not
recommended to take the course unless they are a public health major. They should note that they will
complete a major group research project at the end of the semester.
AS.280.380.01
Introduction to Global Health
James Tielsch
Overall quality of the class: 3.83
Summary:
Students thought that the professor gave very effective lectures and appreciated that he shared his
experiences from the field. Overall it was a good introduction to global health. Students did not enjoy
the 8:00 a.m. meeting time, or the lack of guidance on the final paper. Suggestions for improvement
included earlier and more frequent opportunities for feedback, exploring topics with more depth, and a
more structured approach to the final paper. Prospective students should know that the course grade
consists of one exam and one paper.
AS.280.499.01
Honors in Public Health
Kelly Gebo
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course were the opportunity to conduct independent research and receive
ample feedback, and the experience with oral presentations. The worst aspects of this course were the
lack of class meetings, and the drop-off in involvement from the professors in the spring semester.
Suggestions for improvement included holding class meetings during the second semester, and offering
one-on-one meetings with instructors. Prospective students should know that the course work is very
extensive, but rewarding.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
SOCIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the course.
Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.230.109.01
Hot Topics in Education
Karl Alexander
Overall quality of this course: 3.90
The best aspects of this course included the stimulating discussions and feedback on assignments.
Students appreciated the number of drafts they were allowed to hand in for each paper, which greatly
helped them improve their writing skills. The worst aspects of this course included the long amount of
time the professor spent lecturing and the occasionally dry subject matter. Suggestions for improvement
include structuring discussions more and giving clearer instructions for assignments. Future students
should know that their writing can improve a lot through the many writing assignments, and students
who are interested in education will be engaged in this course.
AS.230.166.01
Chinese Migration in Modern World History 1500's-2000's
Huei-Ying Kuo
Overall quality of this course: 3.70
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings and subject matter. Students found the
professor to be very knowledgeable and passionate and assignments interesting. The worst aspects of
the course included the dry and dense nature of some lectures. Students also had difficulties
understanding the professor at times. Students commented that more interesting lectures and
organized presentations would improve the class. Future students should know that a great deal of
material is covered in lectures and readings so there is a lot of information to be learned.
SOCIOLOGY
AS.230.199.01
Criminal Justice & Correction
Stephen Harris
Overall quality of this course: 4.33
The best aspects of this course included the professor's experience in the field and lecturing skills.
Students described this course as a very tangible learning experience, as they greatly benefitted from
the opportunity to do an internship in the criminal justice system and go on court visits. Students
commented that the worst aspects of the class were the professor's disorganization and repetition.
Some students felt that the class lacked direction, and the TAs and professor were not on the same page.
Suggestions for improving this course include having more guest lectures from different branches of the
criminal justice system and having clearer instructions for assignments. Future students should make
sure that they have enough room in their schedule for a 16 hour internship and court visits.
AS.230.202.01
Research Methods for the Social Sciences
Lingxin Hao
Overall quality of this course: 3.25
One of the best aspects of this course was the professor, who was entertaining and enthusiastic.
Students appreciated the opportunity to experience many different research methods. The worst
aspects of this class included the work load, which many students described as excessive or
unreasonable for a 3 credit course. Some students also had difficulties understanding the professor.
Suggestions for improvement include giving more time for assignments and lessening the work load.
Future students should be aware that this course requires more writing than an average writing
intensive course. Students will be required to write every week and spend a lot of time outside of class
working on assignments.
AS.230.213.01
Social Theory
Daniel Pasciuti
Overall quality of this course: 4.82
The best aspects of this course included the professor's commitment to student's learning. The
professor explained complicated theories clearly, and students found difficult concepts easy to learn
because of his well-executed lectures. Students also enjoyed and learned from the assignments. The
worst aspects of this course included the large amount of dense and difficult readings. Some
recommended that this course could be improved by decreasing the amount of readings, as the amount
of reading prevented them from delving deep enough into the concepts presented in each reading.
Future students should know that the course has a large amount of reading and writing, but is very
helpful in understanding sociology.
SOCIOLOGY
AS.230.260.01
Political Sociology
Ho-Fung Hung
Overall quality of this course: 3.65
The best aspects of this course included the interesting subject matter and the professor. Students
found the professor to be entertaining and clear. The worst aspect of the course was the lack of
assignments, which made it difficult to make a high grade in the course if one received a low grade on
any assignment. Students commented that the class could be improved by adding more graded material
and giving more detailed instruction for assignments. Future students should be aware that the lack of
graded assignments leaves little margin for error, and grading is rigorous.
AS.230.304.01
Social Organization and Social Control in Schools
Stephen Plank
Overall quality of this course: 4.39
The best aspects of this course included small group discussions and carefully chosen, enlightening
readings. The professor was very knowledgeable about the subject matter and students felt that the
course material accurately reflected problems facing education today. The worst aspects of this course
included the sometimes wordy lectures. Some students were also confused about expectations and
grading for the midterm. Suggestions for improvement included giving more time for the heavier
readings and more direction in the group discussions. Future students should be aware that there is lots
of reading, but it is generally interesting, and this course will be beneficial to those with an interest in
education.
AS.230.309.01
Segregation & Social Inequality
Pamela Bennett
Overall quality of this course: 4.45
The best aspects of this course included its structure, which featured lecture, discussion, and a film in
every class period. Students found the professor knowledgeable in the subject matter and engaging. The
worst aspects of this course included the large amount of readings and the length of the class, as it
meets once a week for 2.5 hours. Suggestions for improvement included lessening the reading load and
relating course material to current events more. Future students should be prepared to do all of the
readings since reading-based discussions are a large part of the course.
SOCIOLOGY
AS.230.317.01
Sociology of Immigration
Lingxin Hao
Overall quality of this course: 3.08
The best aspects of this course included the professor's enthusiasm and the engaging course material.
Students complained that generalized and politically incorrect statements were often made about
sensitive subject matter. The class was also long, and students felt that discussion dragged on at times.
Suggestions for improving the class include having more feedback on assignments, as the course
required 8 or 9 papers, for which feedback was lacking. Future students should be aware that there is a
large workload for this course, which includes a great deal of reading and writing.
AS.230.323.01
Qualitative Research Practicum
Katrina McDonald
Overall quality of this course: 3.33
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.230.338.01
Comparative Sociology of Religious Fundamentalism
Laila Bushra
Overall quality of this course: 4.29
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.230.341.01-06
Medical Sociology
Katherine Smith
Overall quality of this course: 4.0
The best aspects of the course were the interesting lectures and fair grading. Students particularly
enjoyed the guest lectures, and found information disseminated in class to be useful in the real world.
Students appreciated the opportunity to learn about medicine from a unique perspective. The worst
aspect of this course was the 2 hour lecture time, during which students struggled to pay attention.
Suggestions for improvement included shortening class time and incorporating more discussion into
section, as it was mostly based on student presentations. Future students should know that this class
has a light work load and presents an interesting perspective on medicine.
SOCIOLOGY
AS.230.344.01
Health and Society in Contemporary China
Rachel Core
Overall quality of this course: 4.45
The best aspects of the course were that the topics and content were interesting and intellectually
stimulating. Students found the instructor approachable, encouraging, helpful, and very enthusiastic.
The worst aspect of the course is that it is purely discussion based. Some students found this
disorganized and wanted more structured lecture time. Others found some of the readings boring, hard
to understand, and very long (many pages for very little content). To improve the class, student
suggested adding a lecture component and decreasing the time spent in discussion. Future students
should know that it is helpful to have previous knowledge about China, and that you must do all the
assigned readings in order to be prepared and do well.
AS.230.346.01
Contemporary Economic Sociology of Latin America
Magda von der Heydt-Coca
Overall quality of this course: 3.38
The best aspects of this course included its straight forward nature and the professor's passion for the
subject matter. Students also found the course content to be interesting. The worst aspects of this
course included the disorganization. Students complained that class expectations and structure changed
half way through the course, and some also felt the professor was a little biased. Suggestions for
improving this course include encouraging student participation more and having more "user-friendly"
readings. Future students should know that the readings are essential for the course, and they will not
be able to keep up with the class without doing the readings.
AS.230.359.01
Research Seminar on Global Social Protest
Sahan Savas Karatasli, Beverly Silver
Overall quality of this course: 4.63
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
THEATRE DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.225.300.01
Contemporary Theatre and Film
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 3.48
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the excellent professor and his unique perspective on the
material, and the engaging, fun material. Some students felt the class was highly disorganized. There
was no syllabus, no structure to lectures, and little feedback was given on assignments. Suggestions for
improvement included creating an organized syllabus and providing more structure for discussions.
Future students should know that this is a fun and enjoyable class. The workload is light, although there
is a fair amount of reading assigned.
AS.225.302.01-02
Acting & Directing Workshop II
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the small class size and the direct interaction with the insightful
professor. Some students felt class time was not always used effectively and that certain lessons were
too repetitious. Suggestions for improvement included picking up the pace of the class. Future students
should know that this is a fun, hands-on, interactive class with a lot of discussion.
THEATRE
AS.225.303.01
Acting or Directing Workshop III
John Astin
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the opportunity to work directly with the professor and his
valuable feedback. Some students felt too much time was spent on certain techniques, but most
students did not identify a worst aspect of the course. Suggestions for improvement included balancing
every student's time spent working with the professor individually. Future students should know that
this is a very fun course but requires motivation and dedication to succeed.
AS.225.308.01
Shakespeare in Performance
James Glossman
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the experienced professor and his extensive, valuable feedback.
Some students felt the professor was harsh and demeaning at times, though ultimately the criticism was
helpful. Suggestions for improvement included requiring a prerequisite acting course so students have
experience when they come into the class. Future students should know that this class requires a lot of
time and devotion. The professor is mercilessly critical, though very insightful, so students should be
prepared to handle this if they enroll.
AS.225.310.01
Stagecraft
William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.320.01
Performance
Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.00
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fun and creative opportunity to act and sing. Some students
were frustrated by the additional meeting times and rehearsals and wished they had been scheduled in
advance. Suggestions for improvement included giving students a bit more individual instruction or
direction. Future students should know that this class is very fun and unique, but does require a
commitment.
THEATRE
AS.225.323.01
Design for the Stage
William Roche
Overall quality of the class: 4.17
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.324.01
Adaptation for the Stage
Joseph Martin
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
This class had 5 or fewer comments.
AS.225.328.01
The Existential Drama: Philosophy and Theater of the Absurd
Joseph Martin
Overall quality of the class: 4.57
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings that integrated plays with philosophy
and the class discussions of the plays. The worst aspects of this course included the unclear expectations
of the written responses and the density of the philosophical lectures. Suggestions for improvement
included incorporating more philosophy texts to give students more background and facilitate
discussion. Future students should know that no prior knowledge is required but the material is
complex. This is a unique philosophy course.
AS.225.346.01-02
Creative Improvisation
Margaret Denithorne
Overall quality of the class: 4.88
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the fun activities and the opportunity to step outside one's
comfort zone and learn useful skills in a unique way. Some students felt the class should be shorter and
meet more frequently, or meet more often for the same length of time. Suggestions for improvement
included meeting more than once a week. Future students should know that this is a very unique and
fun course that teaches life skills and allows students to break out of their shells. Many students felt that
all Hopkins students should be required to take this course.
SUMMARY OF ONLINE TEACHER COURSE EVALUATIONS
SPRING 2012
WRITING SEMINARS DEPARTMENT
The write-in student responses to the 4 survey questions "What are the best aspects of this course?",
"What are the worst aspects of this course?", "What would most improve this class?", and "What should
prospective students know about this course before enrolling?" have been summarized. Each course
summary also includes the mean response of the survey question rating the overall quality of the
course. Responses for this question are:
1-Poor
2-Weak
3-Fair
4-Good
5-Excellent
AS.220.105.01
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Songmuang Greer
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting readings, the students' improved writing skills,
and the opportunity to think creatively and workshop other students' work. Grading was found to be fair
and clear. Some students felt that there should be more freedom in the assignments given. Suggestions
for improvement include more flexibility in writing assignments. Prospective students should be
prepared to keep up with the reading and writing, and expect an enjoyable challenge. The textbook for
this course was somewhat expensive.
AS.220.105.02
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Kjerstin Kauffman
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the opportunity to workshop other students' work in class and
get quality feedback, the introduction to the basics of writing, solid organization, and a small class size
that encouraged engaging discussions. Some students felt that it was hard to determine their grade
throughout the course, and that some of the assignments were too restrictive. Suggestions for
improvement included more clarity on the grading system of the class and a more even distribution of
work during the fiction and poetry segments of the class. Prospective students should be interested in
creative writing. Attendance is important and there are weekly writing assignments. Workshops are
constructive and enjoyable.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.105.03
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Joselyn Takacs
Overall quality of the class: 4.06
Summary:
The best qualities of the course included the enjoyable and relaxed atmosphere, the interesting choice
of readings, the constructive feedback students receive from workshops, and the individualized
attention each student receives. Students felt free to challenge themselves and be creative. Some
students felt that the grading was arbitrary and somewhat subjective. Some students also felt that the
workshops could become repetitive. Suggestions for improvement included condensing workshops
slightly and offering a more rigid rubric for weekly assignments to keep the class organized. Prospective
students should have some experience writing, but will see their skills improve during the course.
AS.220.105.04
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Gwen Kirby
Overall quality of the class: 3.71
Summary:
The best features of the course included the enthusiastic instructor, the opportunity to be creative, the
integration of learning formal features of writing with reading important literary works, and the
appreciation the class gives students for fiction and poetry. Some students felt that the grading was
sometimes harsh and that they didn't always have enough time to complete assignments. Suggestions
for improvement included more clarity on the grading system and assigning readings more relevant to
assignments. Prospective students should be aware that the grading system seemed subjective at times.
The class is challenging, and requires attendance. Improvement is the most important factor considered
in grading.
AS.220.105.05
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Robert McDonald
Overall quality of the class: 4.08
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the individual feedback each students receives on their work and
the opportunity to really be creative with writing. Some students felt that not enough writing techniques
were taught, and that more structure would have been helpful. Suggestions for improvement included
more guidance on assignments and a less strict grading system. Prospective students should be aware
that the class is enjoyable but demands a decent amount of reading and writing. Students should be
able to take constructive criticism well in order to improve their writing.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.105.06
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Alexander Creighton
Overall quality of the class: 4.25
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a comfortable and constructive atmosphere during workshop,
the solid structure of the class, and the freedom of the writing assignments. Some students felt that the
grading was sometimes subjective and that there were sometimes too many assignments. Suggestions
for improvement included reducing the outside workload and balancing due dates of assignments.
Prospective students should have some interest in writing, be able to complete weekly assignments, and
be open to constructive criticism.
AS.220.105.07
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Emily Parker
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included stimulating class discussions, the freedom to write creatively, a
lighthearted and helpful instructor, and a lot of constructive feedback on students' work. Some students
felt that the grading was sometimes subjective and that some of the readings were irrelevant.
Suggestions for improvement included more written feedback from the instructor on students' work
and more opportunities for grading. Prospective students should be prepared to do a lot of writing, but
can expect to enjoy classroom discussions and find them helpful.
AS.220.105.08
Fiction Poetry Writing
Glenn Blake, Amy Arthur
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a large amount of freedom to be creative with stories and
assignments, the small class size, and interesting reading choices. Criticism centered on the somewhat
subjective grading and heavy weighting on class participation in the grade. Suggestions for improvement
included reading more modern works and a clearer grading system. Prospective students should be
prepared to explore their creative side, write a lot, and develop their skills based on readings and
workshops.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.105.09
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Callie Siskel
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the open, conversational style workshops, a kind and helpful
instructor, freedom in writing assignments, and many opportunities to improve writing skills. Some
students felt that they did not have enough time to complete assignments to the best of their ability.
The grading was also sometimes too harsh. Some suggestions for improvement given were to
incorporate in-class writing exercises and a more consistent grading system. Prospective students should
be prepared to spend time on their writing assignments, participate in class, and do the readings.
Students will enjoy the class and improve their writing.
AS.220.105.10
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Jocelyn Slovak
Overall quality of the class: 4.53
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the enjoyable and helpful workshops during the class, the sense
of camaraderie developed among students, and the extensive feedback offered on student work. Some
students had trouble understanding the grading system. Suggestions for improvement included creating
a more transparent grading system and stressing that students do their readings by offering more
quizzes. Prospective students should be prepared to put in the work and be creative, and should know
that it isn't easy to get an A in the class. It is interesting and enjoyable and will certainly improve
students' writing skills.
AS.220.105.11
Fiction and Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Katherine Parr
Overall quality of the class: 3.36
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the unique writing prompts, the small class size, the
individualized attention to each student, and the discussions during class. Some students felt that it took
too long to get feedback on their work, not allowing them to use comments to improve on later
assignments. Some students felt that the late policy was a little too strict, and that the class felt rushed.
Suggestions for improvement included more prompt feedback on assignments, more focus on the
technical aspects of writing, and more structure in the syllabus. Prospective students should enjoy
writing and be prepared to work hard to improve.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.105.12
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Laura Bylenok
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the comfortable class atmosphere, the feedback received from
both the instructor and peers, and the choice of readings and writing prompts. Some students felt that
the grading system was ambiguous and that some of the writing assignments were not helpful in
improving their writing skills. Suggestions for improvement included better time management between
discussion and workshop during class. Students also would have liked to be more aware of their grade
throughout the semester. Prospective students should be open and willing to engage in creative writing
and be ready to participate and keep up with the workload in order to do well.
AS.220.105.13
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Arianne de Govia
Overall quality of the class: 3.80
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the freedom in writing assignments, the relevant and helpful
choices of assigned reading material, the interactive quality of workshops, and the genuine
improvement in writing skills that most students felt. Some students believed that the grading was
entirely too dependent on the instructor one had for the course rather than their work. Some students
also felt that the class was disorganized and that a lot was expected of them before they had learned
anything about creative writing. Suggestions for improvement for the class included implementing a
more standard grading system, including more peer revisions, and organizing the syllabus. Prospective
students should be prepared to keep up with weekly assignments.
AS.220.105.14
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Laura Bylenok
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the comfortable class atmosphere, the feedback received from
both the instructor and peers, and the choice of readings and writing prompts. Some students felt that
the grading system was ambiguous and that some of the writing assignments were not helpful in
improving their writing skills. Suggestions for improvement included better time management between
discussion and workshop during class. Students also would have liked to be more aware of their grade
throughout the semester. Prospective students should be open and willing to engage in creative writing
and be ready to participate and keep up with the workload in order to do well.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.105.15-16
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Clag Cogswell
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a helpful and knowledgeable instructor, a comfortable and
engaging class atmosphere, the improvement seen in students' creative writing skills, and discussions
during class. Some students felt that the grading was very strict. One suggestion for improvement was to
use more varied methods of instruction. Prospective students will enjoy the instructor and what he has
to say and learn a lot about creative writing if they are willing to put in the hard work and improve.
AS.220.105.17
Fiction Poetry Writing I
Glenn Blake, Amber Burke
Overall quality of the class: 4.27
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a lot of freedom in choice of assignments, the spectrum of
fiction and poetry works explored and discussed, an enthusiastic and helpful instructor, and enjoyable
and constructive workshops. Some students felt that the grading scale was too harsh. Suggestions for
improvement include exploring a different grading method. Prospective students should be prepared to
engage themselves in workshops and keep up with their writing. Hard work will be rewarded.
AS.220.106.01, 03
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, Lauren Reding
Overall quality of the class; 4.26
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included an animated and passionate instructor, the well-chosen
readings, and the instructor's constructive feedback on student work. Some students felt that the
instructor enforced her own methods of writing too much rather than teaching overall good quality
writing. Suggestions for improvement included giving more opportunities for objective grading such as
reading quizzes. Prospective students should be prepared to keep up with their work and participate.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.106.04
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, John Gritton
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the instructor's individual attention towards students and their
work, honest and constructive workshops, emphasis on whole class participation, and interesting
choices of readings. Some students felt that some readings were dense and difficult to understand.
Suggestions for improvement included giving students more independence in choosing their writing
topics. Prospective students should be prepared to work hard on their writing and revise all
assignments.
AS.220.106.05
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, James Wooden
Overall quality of the class: 4.07
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting reading choices, the comfortable and
constructive atmosphere during workshops, and the amiable and informative instructor. Some students
felt that the lectures were not hugely different from IFP I. Suggestions for improvement included
assigning a more cohesive sequence of readings. Prospective students should know that the demands of
the class are very similar to IFP I. Students should be prepared to spend time writing and revising their
pieces and be active in class discussion.
AS.220.106.06
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Thomas Bechtold, Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 4.65
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the knowledgeable and well-spoken instructor, the freedom in
creative assignments, and the comfortable atmosphere of workshops. Students really felt that their
writing improved with the instructor's teaching methods and feedback. Some students felt that there
wasn't enough demand on students to take the class seriously, which could be frustrating. Suggestions
for improvement included lengthening the time of workshops ­ it was the part of the class the students
felt was the most useful. Prospective students should read their assignments and finish writing their
pieces before coming to class.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.106.07
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, John Gritton
Overall quality of the class: 4.45
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the freedom offered for creative writing assignments and topic
choices, workshops involving feedback from the instructor and other students, and the small class sizes
which allowed students to become comfortable with each other. Some students felt that the syllabus
was not structured enough and the assignments were occasionally arbitrary and unhelpful. Suggestions
for improvement included focusing on structural elements of writing and offering more concrete
feedback. Students would have liked to have more time allotted to workshops. Prospective students
should be prepared to do a decent amount of reading, participating, and revising their work.
AS.220.106.08
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, James Wooden
Overall quality of the class: 4.75
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the interesting reading choices, the comfortable and
constructive atmosphere during workshops, and the amiable and informative instructor. Some students
felt that the lectures were not hugely different from IFP I. Suggestions for improvement included
assigning a more cohesive sequence of readings. Prospective students should know that the demands of
the class are very similar to IFP I. Students should be prepared to spend time writing and revising their
pieces and be active in class discussion.
AS.220.106.09
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Thomas Bechtold, Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 4.89
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the knowledgeable and well-spoken instructor, the freedom in
creative assignments, and the comfortable atmosphere of workshops. Students really felt that their
writing improved with the instructor's teaching methods and feedback. Some students felt that there
wasn't enough demand on students to take the class seriously, which could be frustrating. Suggestions
for improvement included lengthening the time of workshops ­ it was the part of the class the students
felt was the most useful. Prospective students should read their assignments and finish writing their
pieces before coming to class.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.106.10
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, Charles Phinney
Overall quality of the class: 4.50
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included an enthusiastic and motivational instructor, the freedom in
writing assignments, and the genuine improvement in students' writing after the course. Some students
felt that feedback on their work was given very slowly. Suggestions for improvement included offering
more time for workshop and revising the reading list to include more relevant choices. Prospective
students should be prepared to explore their creative sides, read and write a lot, and offer constructive
criticism to others.
AS.220.106.11
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, Katherine Robinson
Overall quality of the class: 4.56
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the passionate, helpful, and informative instructor who cared
about the success of individuals, a great creative outlet, and lively in-class discussions. Students got a lot
out of workshops and reading selections. Some students felt that the grading system was too subjective.
Suggestions for improvement include a more objective grading system and having more opportunities to
revise pieces during the semester. Prospective students should be prepared to spend ample time with
their writing pieces and revise when possible.
AS.220.106.12
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, Claire Wahmanholm
Overall quality of the class: 4.8
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of the course included an enjoyable and informative instructor,
weekly readings and discussions, engaging workshops that included all students, and great feedback
from the instructor. Some students felt that some of the reading assignments felt more arbitrary than
others. Suggestions for improvement included giving more opportunities to revise throughout the
semester and incorporating assigned readings into lessons and lectures more. Prospective students
should be prepared to keep up with reading and writing assignments, and participate often during class.
The grading system is fair as well as the workload.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.106.13
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Austin Allen, Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 4.38
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included how much students genuinely felt their writing skills improved,
the small class size, the interesting readings, and the helpful instructor. Some students felt that the
grading system was a little harsh and unclear. Suggestions for improvement included giving students
more information about their grades throughout the course and offering feedback on work more
quickly. Prospective students should know that the grading is strict and that they should take some risks
in their writing.
AS.220.106.14
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, Claire Wahmanholm
Overall quality of the class: 4.76
Summary:
Students thought that the best aspects of the course included an enjoyable and informative instructor,
weekly readings and discussions, engaging workshops that included all students, and great feedback
from the instructor. Some students felt that some of the reading assignments felt more arbitrary than
others. Suggestions for improvement included giving more opportunities to revise throughout the
semester and incorporating assigned readings into lessons and lectures more. Prospective students
should be prepared to keep up with reading and writing assignments, and participate often during class.
The grading system is fair as well as the workload.
AS.220.106.15
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, Petrina Crockford
Overall quality of the class: 4.94
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included a well-liked, helpful, and accessible instructor, the instructor's
dedication to helping students improve, effective workshops, and great in-class discussions. Some
students felt that the class size was too large compared to other sections which may have made
discussions suffer. Some students felt that not all of the readings were discussed enough. Suggestions
for improvement included more focus on poetry and shifting due dates toward the end of the semester.
Prospective students will learn a lot and improve their writing, and will notice a progression from IFP I to
IFP II.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.106.16
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, Courtney Sender
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included excellent and timely feedback on student work, the freedom
involved in writing topics, well-chosen and relevant reading material, and enjoyable and constructive
workshops. Some students felt that the workload was occasionally too heavy and that conversations
were sometimes dominated by only a few students. Students also wished that they had more
opportunities to be the subject of the workshop. Suggestions for improvement included spacing out the
workload and having more time for workshop. Prospective students willing to put in the work will
definitely improve their writing skills.
AS.220.106.17
Fiction Poetry Writing II
Glenn Blake, Eric Levitz
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the laid-back and comfortable atmosphere during class,
insightful and constructive feedback from the instructor, unique ways of presenting information during
class, and the instructor's dedication to the students and their improvement. Some students felt that
the grading was harsh and was weighted too heavily on the final portfolio. Suggestions for improvement
included offering more freedom in writing assignments, having a smaller class size, and shifting the
grading system slightly to be more objective. Prospective students will improve their writing skills during
the class and enjoy themselves.
AS.220.108.01
Introduction to Fiction & Nonfiction
Joanne Cavanaugh-Simpson
Overall quality of the class: 4.73
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the professor who was encouraging and enthusiastic. The
students said that they learned a lot in this class that would be useful in any future career path. The
worst aspect of the course was the heavy reading and assignment workload. To improve the course,
students suggested having 2 shorter classes per week instead of 1 long class. Other students suggested
having a continuation IFP2 course. Future students should know that this class is graded on how well
you improve and your participation level. Also, students said the grading is fairly lenient.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.146.01
Introduction to Science Writing
Jay Thompson
Overall quality of the class: 4.15
Summary:
The best aspect of the course was the professor. Students said he provided good, helpful feedback and
lots of individual attention. They also said that the material learned in this class was practical knowledge
that could be applied to any setting. The worst aspects of the class were the interviews: students said
they were stressful and that there wasn't enough time between assignments to interview people. To
improve the class, students suggested having more time to complete the interview, and having the class
meet more often during the week instead of one time for 3 hours. Future students should know that the
material learned in this class is useful for both the non-science and science student alike; however, it
may be easier for students who are well-versed in reading research papers.
AS.220.146.02
Introduction to Science Writing
Emily Underwood
Overall quality of the class: 4.47
Summary:
The best qualities of the course included the helpful feedback from the experienced, enthusiastic, and
knowledge professor. Students also liked the small class size which allowed for productive one-on-one
time with the instructor. The worst aspect of the course was that the lecture component rarely applied
to all students and was therefore, not very effective. Also students said too many interviews were
required per article. To improve the course, students suggested shortening the lecture time and
devoting it to more one-on-one time with the instructor. Students also suggested fewer interviews per
assignment. Future students should know that the grade comes from the writing assignments and that
there is first draft and final draft due each week.
AS.220.200.01
Introduction to Fiction
Matthew Klam
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included an engaging, friendly, and experienced instructor, helpful
feedback on student work, and the emphasis on hands-on experience in the writing field. Some students
felt that even though the feedback they received was helpful, it was often too infrequent and delayed.
Suggestions for improvement included lecturing about the specific elements that make a story
successful or not. Students also believe that more detailed, speedy feedback would help improve their
writing skills. Prospective students with a good work ethic who enjoy writing will have a good experience
with the class. There is more freedom than in IFP and has a very enjoyable atmosphere.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.200.02
Introduction to Fiction
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of the class: 4.80
Summary:
The best aspects of the class included the instructor's individual attention and time spent towards each
student, the emphasis on specific writing techniques that students could implement in their writing, the
small class size, and the engaging in-class discussions. Some students felt that participation was not as
evenly distributed as it should have been, and that some discussions got off on tangents that were off
topic. Suggestions for improvement included giving students more of an idea of their grades throughout
the course. Prospective students should know the class involves a lot of reading and participation.
Students must be able to take constructive criticism and develop their writing skills through story
writing.
AS.220.201.01
Introduction to Poetry Writing
Mary Jo Salter
Overall quality of the class: 4.67
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included an instructor who inspired interest and led incredibly well
organized and evenly distributed work-shopping sessions during class. Students highly benefited from
the instructor's experience and knowledge. Some students felt that feedback was not constructive
enough and didn't necessarily show them how to improve. Suggestions for improvement included the
instructor offering more opportunities for one-on-one meeting and have more emphasis on weekly
readings. Prospective students should be prepared to challenge themselves in form and concepts in
their poetry, because the instructor admires the efforts. Be prepared to take constructive criticism and
incorporate new ideas into every piece.
AS.220.202.01
Introduction to Non-Fiction: Matters of Fact
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of the class: 2.89
Summary:
Students felt that the readings for this course were very interesting. They also appreciated the small
class size. Some students felt that certain viewpoints were not welcomed during discussion, and that
feedback and expectations were unclear at times. Suggestions for improvement included the professor
providing a detailed rubric to students before assignments are due. Students also wanted more
feedback in general on their returned assignments. Prospective students should know that the course is
interesting but does not necessarily allow students to improve their writing skills.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.303.01
Intermediate Dramatic Writing: Plays
Marc Lapadula
Overall quality of the class: 4.63
Summary:
Students felt that the workshops in this course were very productive, and found the final project to be
relevant and worthwhile. Some students were concerned that the course lacked rigor. The course could
be improved by more feedback and more deadlines throughout the semester. Prospective students
should know that most of their grade will be based on a full-length play that they write.
AS.220.316.01-02
Seminar: Opinion Writing
Gregory Kane
Overall quality of the class: 4.41
Summary:
The best aspects of this class included the engaging, dynamic professor and the freedom students had to
choose their own topics. Some students felt uncomfortable reading their work aloud without prior
feedback from the professor. Suggestions for improvement included incorporating more lecture-style
teaching of writing techniques into the class. Future students should know that this class involves a lot
of writing each week, but is a great opportunity to improve and gain confidence in one's writing.
AS.220.325.01
Intermediate Fiction: Story and Plot
Robert Roper
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the varied, interesting reading assignments and the beneficial
workshop discussions. Some students did not like how many Tolstoy readings were on the syllabus.
Suggestions for improvement included making due dates and assignment guidelines more specific, and
shortening the reading list somewhat. Future students should know that this class involves a substantial
amount of reading and writing. The professor provides helpful feedback but has high expectations for
the quality of students' writing.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.331.01
Intermediate Fiction: Forms of Fiction
Tristan Davies
Overall quality of the class: 4.60
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the in-depth class discussions and the variety of genres the class
explored. Some students felt the reading assignments were too long and confusing without background
information. Suggestions for improvement included lightening the reading load to include fewer or
shorter readings. Future students should know that the professor is very entertaining and engaging. This
class is not like most writing seminars courses in that many genres and forms are introduced.
AS.220.337.01
Intermediate Dramatic Writing: Film
Marc Lapadula
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the engaging and insightful professor and the helpful workshop
feedback. Students felt, however, that they had to dive into screenwriting techniques without enough
initial feedback. Suggestions for improvement included providing students with more basic information
about writing screenplays and spreading out the due dates of assignments like script pitches and
workshop pieces. Future students should take an introductory screenplay writing course before
enrolling in this class. The class requires a lot of self-motivation and independent work.
AS.220.344.01
Intermediate Fiction: The Short-Short Story
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 4.18
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the interesting readings, helpful workshop discussions, and
entertaining and insightful professor. Some students felt the class could get off-topic too easily.
Suggestions for improvement included making the class smaller to allow students more direct feedback
and giving the class discussions more structure. Future students should know that this professor is
interesting and intelligent and the class affords opportunities to experiment and improve as a writer.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.378.01
Poetic Forms II
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of the class: 4.62
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the insightful professor and the engaging readings. A different
professor took over the class in the middle of the semester, which frustrated students and disorganized
the class. Suggestions for improvement included revising the list of poets read in class, perhaps to
include more unconventional writing. Future students will benefit from taking Poetic Forms I before
enrolling in this class. Students write and turn in a poem every week, as well as read a book of poetry
each week, so prior experience writing and reading poetry is very helpful.
AS.220.380.01
Intermediate Fiction: The Scene
Glenn Blake
Overall quality of the class: 4.21
Summary:
The best aspects of this course included the insightful and genuinely caring professor and the helpful
workshop sessions. Some students felt workshops could have benefitted students more if less time was
spent on each piece, allowing students to have their work reviewed more than one time. Suggestions for
improvement included adding more writing assignments and complementing workshops with more
outside readings. Future students should know that this class is very entertaining and interactive, with a
lighter reading load than many writing seminars courses.
AS.220.400.01
Advanced Poetry Workshop
Greg Williamson
Overall quality of the class: 4.33
Summary:
Students appreciated the constructive criticism they received during the course and said that the
workshops benefitted most students; however, some students said that time allotted to each student
during the workshop needed to be better managed and more fairly distributed. Also, students did not
like that the professor was changed halfway through the semester. Prospective students should know
that only their final portfolio is submitted for a grade. Students are strongly encouraged to participate in
the workshop. They should be prepared to receive constructive criticism and be ready to work hard to
improve their writing before submitting their final portfolio.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.401.01
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Jean McGarry
Overall quality of the class: 4.54
Summary:
Students felt that constructive criticism helped their writing skills to greatly improve throughout the
semester. Some students felt that there was not enough time during class to achieve all of the
instructor's goals, and some things like workshop and story discussion were shortchanged. Some
students also felt that too much time was spent discussing Chekhov. Suggestions for improvement
included better time management so that both workshops and formal writing instruction were covered.
Prospective students should know that they will be assigned the role of primary critic of another
student's work. Students should be prepared to do a lot of reading and writing, as well as complete
three long stories.
AS.220.401.02
Advanced Fiction Workshop
Brad Leithauser
Overall quality of the class: 3.46
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included helpful workshops that improved students' writing, in-class
discussions, and outside readings. Some students felt that the class was too large which gave students
less time for individual attention in workshop. Some students felt that they did not get enough feedback
about their progress in the course, and that feedback was not necessarily constructive. Suggestions for
improvement included encouraging more participation in discussion on the part of both the students
and the teacher, work-shopping for longer periods, and receiving more individual feedback on their
work. Prospective students are warned that the class does not necessarily function at an advanced level.
AS.220.403.01
Readings in Poetry: The Branch Will Not Break
Steve Scafidi
Overall quality of the class: 5.00
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the ample opportunity for student participation, a wonderful
instructor dedicated to the improvement of students' writing, excellent reading choices, and engaging
discussions during class. There were almost no complaints about the course. Students would love to
have the class meet more often, but understand the difficulties of the instructor's commute. Prospective
students are told that class requires self-motivation, and participation is strongly encouraged. There is a
response paper due each week and reading load is heavy.
WRITING SEMINARS
AS.220.409.01
Readings in Fiction: Faulkner, Fitzgerald, & Hemingway
John Irwin
Overall quality of the class: 4.29
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the instructor's ability to draw unique insights from readings,
and incredibly engaging and interesting lectures. Some students felt that the in-class quizzes were
unnecessarily difficult and specific. Some students felt that the class would have benefited from more
student participation. Students would have preferred less weight given to the in-class quizzes and more
direction in terms of the assignments. Prospective students should be prepared to read a lot every week
and to try to get a head start when possible.
AS.220.417.01
Advanced Nonfiction Workshop
Wayne Biddle
Overall quality of the class: 3.17
Summary:
The best aspects of the course included the freedom of topic choice when writing and the high quality of
feedback on student work. Students complained that there was little to no structure in the course and
felt that the instructor was negative and discouraging. Students would have preferred that there was
more constructive criticism given from the both the teacher and the students. Students would have
liked a concrete rubric detailing the requirements of their writing. Prospective students should be
prepared to dedicate a lot of time to a semester-long project for the class and be very self-motivated.
